# URL: https://www.amazon.in/dp/B0F2HCGXTB?_encoding=UTF8&ref_=cct_cg_Budget_2b1&pf_rd_p=9fea2e26-a6fb-4900-91ed-b341ffd38322&pf_rd_r=R96NK7SD6CAG41V1YYGC
# Method: BS4
# Scraped: 2026-02-03T19:18:49.693484

  * Electronics
  * Mobiles & Accessories
  * Smartphones & Basic Mobiles
  * Smartphones



##### 

With Exchange

Up to 21,700.00 off

You Pay 

Includes exchange service fee of Rs. 

#####  Exchange your old product 

Which phone would you like to exchange? 

We are sorry. Amazon has encountered an error. Please try again. 

Your old phone will be rejected, if it has any dents, cracks on screen or body. View reference images

Fixed Exchange value:  What's this? 

Includes limited time discount of 

Provide IMEI number (IMEI 1 for dual sim phones) to avail exchange offer  (Dial *#06# to get the IMEI number) 

Entered IMEI does not belong to selected brand & model. 

This device is not eligible for an exchange discount as it was recently exchanged. 

IMEI will be matched against your mobile at pick-up 

Exchange service fee Rs. will be charged 

Cancel  Apply Exchange 

Fixed Exchange value: 

Exchange value: 

By clicking 'Add to Cart'/'Buy Now With Exchange' you agree to the  Terms & Conditions 

How does Exchange work?

##### 

Without Exchange

22,998.00  25,999.00 

  * 3 VIDEOS



iQOO Z10 5G (Glacier Silver, 8GB RAM, 256GB Stroage) | India's Biggest Ever 7300 mAh Battery |Amazon Videos

#### Image Unavailable

Image not available forColour: 

  * To view this video download  Flash Player 



  * VIDEOS 
  * 360° VIEW 
  * IMAGES 



#  iQOO Z10 5G (Glacier Silver, 8GB RAM, 128GB Stroage) | India's Biggest Ever 7300 mAh Battery | Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 Processor | Brightest Quad Curved AMOLED Display in The Segment 

Visit the iQOO Store

4K+ bought in past month

Limited time deal NO_OF_HOURS hours NO_OF_MINUTES minutes Limited time deal NO_OF_MINUTES minutes Limited time deal NO_OF_MINUTES minutes NO_OF_SECONDS seconds Limited time deal NO_OF_SECONDS seconds Limited time deal

₹22,998.00 with 12 percent savings  -12% ₹22,998

M.R.P.: ₹25,999.00 M.R.P.: ₹25,999₹25,999

Inclusive of all taxes  
  
**EMI** starts at ₹809 per month.  **EMI** starts at ₹809. No Cost EMI available 

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

##### Offers

##  10 days Service Centre Replacement

Replacement Reason  |  Replacement Period  |  Replacement Policy   
---|---|---  
Physical Damage, Wrong and Missing Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  Replacement   
Defective Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  iQOO warranty policy (at Service Centre)   
  
Defective item: 

  * Amazon may provide support via self-help guides or on call or at doorstep, as applicable. 
  * If this issue is not resolved, please contact iQOO or visit the Service Centre.
  * iQOO will repair the product or provide a replacement or Defective certificate, as applicable. The time taken for resolution will be as per iQOO warranty policies.
  * Please check for nearest Brand service center in your location. For details  click here 

Physical Damage, Wrong, Missing Items:

  * Returns will not be accepted if it is an Open Box Delivery order
  * Remote verification by image/video will be done by Amazon



#  Replacement verification 

During on-call support, you may be prompted to download a diagnostic app or upload an image for verification. Please visit the nearest iQOO Service Centre for product-related issues. Further support will be provided by the brand at their service centre as per their warranty policies.

#  Replacement Instructions 

Keep the item in its original condition and packaging along with the MRP tag and accessories. Unlock the device (screen lock, iCloud lock, etc.) and delete your Google account for a successful pick-up.

Read full returns policy 

Free Delivery 

The product is eligible for Free delivery. Learn more

1 Year Warranty 

1 Year warranty on Smartphone only 

What is Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card)? 

Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card) payment method includes Cash on Delivery (COD) as well as Debit card / Credit card / Net banking payments at your doorstep. 

Top Brand 

Top Brand indicates high quality, trusted brands on Amazon aggregated basis verified ratings, returns/refunds and recent order history at brand level. 

Amazon Delivered 

Order processed by Amazon; delivered through our courier partners 

Your transaction is secure 

We work hard to protect your security and privacy. Our payment security system encrypts your information during transmission. We don’t share your credit card details with third-party sellers, and we don’t sell your information to others. Learn more

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

Colour:  Glacial Silver 

Make a Colour selection 

Size:  8GB+128GB 

Make a Size selection 

###  Purchase options and add-ons 

Brand |  iQOO  
---|---  
RAM Memory Installed Size |  8 GB  
CPU Model |  Snapdragon  
CPU Speed |  2.5 GHz  
  
#  About this item 

  * India’s Biggest Battery Ever: Equipped with India’s biggest-ever 7300mAh ultra-capacity battery. Despite its size, the device remains ultra-slim at just 0.789cm and light at 199g. With 90W FlashCharge technology, power up in no time and enjoy longer usage without the wait. 
  * Brightest Display: Enjoy an ultra-vivid viewing experience on the Flagship level Quad-Curved AMOLED display, reaching up to 5000 nits local peak brightness. Built tough, the Z10 is also military-grade certified for durability, combining beauty with resilience. 
  * Exceptional Performance: The fastest* processor in the segment powered by Snapdragon 7s Gen3 mobile platform , built on a 4nm TSMC process, and delivering an impressive 820K+ AnTuTu score. The 12GB RAM variant doubles its memory with an additional 12GB of extended RAM for seamless multitasking. 
  * Next-Level AI Camera: Capture every detail with the 50MP Sony IMX882 OIS camera, record in 4K at 30fps, and take stunning selfies with the 32MP wide-angle front camera. Powered by AI, features include AI Erase, AI Photo Enhance, AI Super Documents, AI Note Assist, AI Live Text, and the intuitive Circle to Search with Google. 
  * Latest Software Experience: Runs on Funtouch OS 15, based on Android 15, offering a seamless experience with 2 years of Android updates, 3 years of security patches, *T&C apply 



› See more product details 

## Frequently bought together

This item:  iQOO Z10 5G (Glacier Silver, 8GB RAM, 128GB Stroage) | India's Biggest Ever 7300 mAh Battery | Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 Processor | Brightest Quad Curved AMOLED Display in The Segment 

₹22,998.00₹22,998.00

Get it by **Saturday, February 21**

In stock

Sold by Darshita Etel and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

+

iQOO Z10x 5G (Ultramarine, 6GB RAM, 128GB Storage) | 6500 mAh Large Capacity Battery | Dimensity 7300 Processor | Military-Grade Durability

₹14,998.00₹14,998.00

Get it by **Saturday, February 21**

In stock

Sold by Darshita Etel and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

Total price: $00$00

To see our price, add these items to your cart.

Choose items to buy together. 

## iQOO Z10 5G Mobile Phone Information

# Technical Details

OS  |  ‎Funtouch OS 15 based on Android 15   
---|---  
Product Dimensions  |  ‎16.3 x 7.6 x 0.8 cm; 199 g   
Batteries  |  ‎1 Lithium Ion batteries required. (included)   
Item model number  |  ‎I2407   
Connectivity technologies  |  ‎Bluetooth, USB 2.0, Wi-Fi   
GPS  |  ‎True   
Special features  |  ‎Fast Charging Support, Water Resistant   
Other display features  |  ‎Wireless   
Device interface - primary  |  ‎Touchscreen   
Resolution  |  ‎1080 x 2392   
Form factor  |  ‎Bar   
Colour  |  ‎Glacial Silver   
Battery Power Rating  |  ‎7300   
Whats in the box  |  ‎Cell phone, Eject Tool, Warranty card, Quick Start Guide, Phone case, Charger, USB cable, Protective Film (applied)   
Manufacturer  |  ‎vivo Mobile India Private Limited   
Country of Origin  |  ‎India   
Item Weight  |  ‎199 g   
  
# Additional Information

ASIN  |  B0F2HCGXTB   
---|---  
Customer Reviews |  4.3 out of 5 stars   
Best Sellers Rank  | 

  * #54 in Electronics (See Top 100 in Electronics)
  * #9 in Smartphones

  
Date First Available  |  23 April 2025   
Manufacturer  |  vivo Mobile India Private Limited, vivo Mobile India Pvt Ltd, Plot No 08, Sector 24, Yamuna Expressway Area, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201310   
Packer  |  vivo Mobile India Pvt Ltd, Plot No 08, Sector 24, Yamuna Expressway Area, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201310   
Importer  |  vivo Mobile India Pvt Ltd, Plot No 08, Sector 24, Yamuna Expressway Area, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201310   
Item Dimensions LxWxH  |  16.3 x 7.6 x 0.8 Centimeters   
Net Quantity  |  1 Count   
Generic Name  |  Smartphone   
  
#  Feedback 

iQOO Z10 5G (Glacier Silver, 8GB RAM, 128GB Stroage) | India's Biggest Ever 7300 mAh Battery | Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 Processor | Brightest Quad Curved AMOLED Display in The Segment

**Share:**

Found a lower price? Let us know.

## Where did you see a lower price?

Fields with an asterisk * are required

Price Availability

Website (Online)

URL *:

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Shipping cost (₹): 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Store (Offline)

Store name *: 

Town/City *:

State: 

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Please sign in to provide feedback. 

## From the manufacturer

The video showcases the product in use.The video guides you through product setup.The video compares multiple products.The video shows the product being unpacked.

#  z10 brand video

Merchant Video

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

Top Brand 

iQOO

91% positive ratings from 100K+ customers 

100K+ recent orders from this brand 

4+ years on Amazon 

##  What is in the box? 

* Cell phone, Eject Tool, Warranty card, Quick Start Guide, Phone case, Charger, USB cable, Protective Film (applied) 

## Customer reviews

  * 5 star

64%

  * 4 star

23%

  * 3 star

5%

  * 2 star

2%

  * 1 star

6%




To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.

### Customers say

Customers find this smartphone to be a solid mid-range device with a massive 7300 mAh battery and excellent display performance. They consider it an excellent value-for-money device, particularly noting it's one of the best phones under 20,000 INR. The camera and sound quality receive mixed reviews - while some find the camera decent and sound quality good, others report poor camera performance and issues with the speaker. The phone's speed receives mixed feedback, with some customers reporting no lag during daily use while others experience lag problems.

AI Generated from the text of customer reviews Generated from the text of customer reviews

#### Select to learn more

366 customers mention phone quality, 328 positive, 38 negative366 customers mention "Phone quality"328 positive38 negative

Customers find this phone to be of good quality and perform well, with one customer noting it's the best in its segment.

"Good phone ,battery excellent,camera portrait mod ok.others need changes,less detailing,object focus bad.sometimes lighting affecting photo clarity,..."

"Best Phone and good quality Screen display is awesome Safety features also good Overall a nice phone to purchase in this range."

"Battery life is very good, Display quality is also better. All over Good product. I am not an intensive user...."

"Overall it's good mobile but for me one unhappy feeling is, I use to talk calls on speaker mode but it's very less volume in speaker mode...."

241 customers mention battery life, 209 positive, 32 negative241 customers mention "Battery life"209 positive32 negative

Customers are satisfied with the phone's battery life, describing it as a "Battery Beast" with excellent performance.

"Phone is good battery is not like 7300 and camera is good but in many times i face over saturation over warm problem. Need to fix this issue 😑...."

"Good battery backup , charging speed is very quick & performance of the processor in gaming was too good & the display is awesome for the price .."

"...very to buy this product, this mobile is very smoth, better camera, battery, and they gives many features, overall very very good mobile thq amazon..."

"...for a phone with powerful performance, long battery life, and fast charging at an affordable price, this is the one to go for...."

198 customers mention value for money, 169 positive, 29 negative198 customers mention "Value for money"169 positive29 negative

Customers find the phone to be an excellent value-for-money device, appreciating its performance relative to its price point, with one customer noting it feels premium in hand.

"Phone is actually value for money display quality is very good and battery capacity and charging also ,curl is not over so I liked quad curved..."

"I purchased it for one of my friends.. item is very nice and affordable price. But Amazon failed to deliver on time...."

"Value for the money and smoothnes , durability also good no heating issues, battery backup is mainly highlight and camera also good"

158 customers mention performance, 124 positive, 34 negative158 customers mention "Performance"124 positive34 negative

Customers praise the phone's performance, noting that the OS runs smoothly and operates very efficiently, with one customer mentioning it works well with almost any app.

"The phone was good performance and Camera Quality really awesome, disadvantage is sound quality. Light weight, Battery packup is excellent,..."

"...I have been using over a week now and performance wise it's brilliant. The camera could have been better though but the night shots are good."

"...Pro: Battery Life Smooth Performance and gaming futures Amoled Display Cons: Ip65 rating No stereo speakers..."

"I have purchase , 20th oct 2025 Speaker & mic - not properly working, Receiving & Calling person voice breaking,..."

72 customers mention display quality, 57 positive, 15 negative72 customers mention "Display quality"57 positive15 negative

Customers praise the phone's display, describing it as high quality and smooth, with one customer noting its impressive 5000 nits brightness.

"I like mobile phone with highest ever battery, amoled display, loaded with most features and storage. This phone comes with all these features...."

"...go for this phone if you are really looking for a good phone with best display ,sound and battery ...."

241 customers mention camera quality, 153 positive, 88 negative241 customers mention "Camera quality"153 positive88 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the phone's camera, with some finding it decent while others describe it as poor.

"...Z10 is a perfect choice for those who want powerful performance, good camera, and long battery life in a budget-friendly phone. Highly recommended!"

"...🔈 Mono speaker – not great for media or loud environments 📸 Average camera – no ultra-wide, low-light shots are weak..."

"...Best mobile till now .... performance, camera quality, size, display curve it's soo amazing 😍 And Bgmi performance is also great...."

"Best camera and post processing of low light and general photos Good battery life. Lasts more than one day easily"

72 customers mention sound quality, 27 positive, 45 negative72 customers mention "Sound quality"27 positive45 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the phone's sound quality, with some finding it good and noting that the single speaker is quite loud, while others say it's not great.

"...performance and Camera Quality really awesome, disadvantage is sound quality. Light weight, Battery packup is excellent,..."

"...Sound quality is good even it's mono speaker. Overall phone is recommendable, value for money. Only drawback UFS2.2 ROM , LPDRX4X RAM...."

"Battery back up good Sound quality not good Value for money Performance average Charging speed good..."

60 customers mention speed, 36 positive, 24 negative60 customers mention "Speed"36 positive24 negative

Customers have mixed experiences with the phone's speed, with some reporting no lags during daily use and smooth OS performance, while others mention slowness.

"...performance and style, it strikes a fine balance for users who want speed and reliability without breaking the bank...."

"The super slow phone every upi aap crashes in this phone white screen appears in app opening and closing screen responding is too slow."

Amazon Customer

######  Images in this review 

Amazon Customer

##### Best gaming phone in budget

iQOO never disappoint shifted from iqoo z3 to iQOO z10 after 4 years still the old one work very well but iQOO just won the trust, full gaming phone.

MoreHide

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry, there was an error

Sorry we couldn't load the review

###  Top reviews from India 

#### There was a problem filtering reviews. Please reload the page.

  * Abhilash Monu

#####  Perfect everyday device.

Colour: Glacial SilverSize: 8GB+128GBVerified Purchase

Great display, great battery and awesome charging, great design and in hand feel. Above average camera and speaker quality. Wish it had ultra wide camera instead of 2mp useless camera and dual speaker. Very good performance for daily use and light gaming. Gave the phone to my mother and ut was perfect for her. Easily the battery can last more than 1 day. After changing some system settings and diabling and deleting some apps, the phone is perfect as a daily use handset.

One person found this helpful

Helpful

  * Francis

#####  A very good phone for 25k

Colour: Stellar BlackSize: 12GB+256GBVerified Purchase

Amazing phone good battery backup even Playing BGMI FOR 2 hours a day. Amazing camera, only thing lacking is telephoto. All in all if ur looking for a all rounder for 25k go for it

4 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Mohd Kaif

#####  Excellent phone

Colour: Stellar BlackSize: 8GB+128GBVerified Purchase

It's been 2 months till now this smartphone had been working excellent.Battery backup mind blowing(with prove)No lag, 120 hz display works pretty smooth,Design also good (just keep in mind apply any protector on camera glass)Fast Charging also take 1.01 hr to full charge 0 to 100Speaker is also loudCamera is goodOnly once i faced little bug or i dont 2x in portrait mode photos where orangish orangish only faced onceAnd i play only one game coc it heats little more then average other then this everything is great😃And one more thing it will get origin os soon it will be new experience in UII brought it in sale for 19k

Mohd Kaif

#####  Excellent phone 

It's been 2 months till now this smartphone had been working excellent.  
Battery backup mind blowing(with prove)No lag, 120 hz display works pretty smooth,Design also good (just keep in mind apply any protector on camera glass)Fast Charging also take 1.01 hr to full charge 0 to 100Speaker is also loudCamera is goodOnly once i faced little bug or i dont 2x in portrait mode photos where orangish orangish only faced onceAnd i play only one game coc it heats little more then average other then this everything is great😃And one more thing it will get origin os soon it will be new experience in UII brought it in sale for 19k 

######  Images in this review 

22 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Manikanta Suresh

#####  Excellent Battery Life and Smooth Performance – Great Value for Money!

Colour: Glacial SilverSize: 8GB+256GBVerified Purchase

I recently bought the iQOO Z10 5G and I’m really happy with it! The battery life is outstanding — the massive 7300 mAh battery easily lasts a full day of heavy use and even more with moderate use, so I don’t have to charge often.The 6.77-inch AMOLED display with a 120 Hz refresh rate is bright and smooth, making videos, scrolling, and games look great.Camera quality is good for everyday photos, especially in daylight, though it’s not the best in low light compared to pricey models. I also like the fast 90 W charging — it charges quickly when I do need power.Overall, this phone gives excellent battery life, performance, and a vibrant display for its price — a phone I’d happily recommend!

2 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Adwaith Chandran

#####  Best camera and gaming under 25k

Colour: Glacial SilverSize: 8GB+256GBVerified Purchase

4 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Ashish Kumar

#####  Do-able

Colour: Glacial SilverSize: 8GB+256GBVerified Purchase

Display color is a little too saturated which no one mentions cuz this is how phones come these days. Quality is good, 120hz and all, just colors are a tad little bright on red colors. Even cool color profile cant tone it down.Speaker is below average to my ears. A little sharp sounding. I used an eq to tone down 4k hz significantly to fix it. So... doable. Usable speaker.Its UI Funtouch OS is inferior in smoothness to my previously used Xiaomi/Poco's Hyper OS. Still smooth enough for use. Functionality and features wise, they both have pros and cons over each other but again Funtouch is overall inferior. For example, you can't app lock settings app. You can't see notifications details for locked apps. You have to open the app to see them. These are the worst software issues so far.Battery, build, temperatures, and everything else is excellent. Camera is servicable.IR blaster is an upgrade from previous phones. Sensor is big and not just for show. It works from many directions and I dont have to point towards appliances to remote control them. Excellent.

35 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Without seal

#####  About device

Colour: Stellar BlackSize: 12GB+256GBVerified Purchase

  * Sanjeev Kumar

#####  About brand.

Colour: Stellar BlackSize: 8GB+256GBVerified Purchase

Battery life is very good, Display quality is also better. All over Good product. I am not an intensive user. Before buying please compare vivo and iqoo series.



