# URL: https://www.amazon.ae/Hisense-WD3S1043BT-Automatic-Invertor-Function/dp/B0D6BQJJ6X/ref=sr_1_2_sspa?crid=3NMGAG5YJL4EX&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.EDm2G3eTZ3oAdEPhbbnhbuGbujFCGcHzbDVqlHofWgyiZLUeCoCbkBzm71R5kmsBw0tvA-1rcFzlyPh2XkM7LIMiq5FRQBREmBKRQhvtwfo9kjnsXd7_XE6Lxq6gtgGw2QQQ7VGWp0GfYb-Apn6VwD1UHNCfFL0uPMFihsvz5juAHVGmsdJdDZeBSlplmawhYjHoKV_9G14ZwHMfbn8LHhJWo_YJUbxU-IxOAPCWLBBxJ9djYciSAWvQuGXeWCXiaLj-FAcICorCriDnIYzuTDgWh5UqrDBHiN0fWPC3DHY.rpyL-GbLC_Yv6IC0xrEP5z4bse5pN8SkRn-5CiItiUA&dib_tag=se&keywords=washing+machine&qid=1769855599&sprefix=washing%2Caps%2C330&sr=8-2-spons&aref=xqyekMmR7R&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9hdGY&psc=1
# Method: BS4
# Scraped: 2026-01-31T10:40:02.543831

  * Appliances
  * Washers & Dryers
  * All-in-One Washers & Dryers



  * VIDEO



Washing Machine 10/6 KG 3SBetter Life - Hisense

#### Image Unavailable

Image not available forColor: 

  * To view this video download  Flash Player 



  * VIDEOS 
  * 360° VIEW 
  * IMAGES 



#  Hisense WD3S1043BT 10/6kg Fully Automatic Washer & Dryer with Invertor Motor,1400 RPM, Steam Refresh & Allergy Care Program, Drum Clean, Pause & Ad Function, Drum Clean, Titanium Grey 

Visit the Hisense Store

AED 1,549.00 with 11 percent savings  -11% AED1,549.00

List Price: AED 1,749.00 List Price: AED1,749.00AED1,749.00

The List Price is the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller. Amazon will only display a List Price if the product was purchased by customers on Amazon or offered by other retailers at or above the List Price in the past 90 days.Learn more

You can return this item for FREE within the allowed return period for any reason and without any shipping charges. The item must be returned in new and unused condition.

Read more about the return period and Amazon's return policy. 

  1. Go to "Orders" to start the return
  2. Select you refund method and pickup date
  3. Keep the item ready for pickup in it's original packaging



All prices include VAT.  
  
Sign in to redeem. Savings 10% max AED50| Citibank Credit Cards. Promo code CITIFEB10 is saved to your account. Discount by Amazon. 

Sign in to redeem. Savings 15% max AED100| ADCB Mastercard Cards. Promo code ADCBRS15 is saved to your account. Discount by Amazon. 

Sign in to redeem. Prime Savings 20% max AED150| ADCB Mastercard Cards. Promo code ADCBRS20 is saved to your account. Discount by Amazon. 

Buy with 0% installments and pay AED 129.08 for 12 months with select banks.

Each bank has a different installments plan. You can choose a suitable installments plan based on your bank offers at checkout. Click here to check your bank offers.  Payment options | Monthly Installment | Total  
---|---|---  
3 months | AED 516.33 | AED 1,598.00  
6 months | AED 258.17 | AED 1,598.00  
9 months | AED 172.11 | AED 1,598.00  
12 months | AED 129.08 | AED 1,598.00  
  
Eligible for electronic payment only 

This item from this seller is eligible for electronic payment only on checkout. It's not eligible for Cash on Delivery (COD). Learn why?

##  15 days Returnable

Return reason  |  Return period  |  Return policy   
---|---|---  
Wrong or missing item,   
Defective,   
Physical Damage,   
Any other reason  |  15 days from delivery  |  Full refund or replacement   
  
#  Return Instructions 

Keep the item in its original condition, with brand outer box, brand/price tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, CDs and original accessories in manufacturer packaging for a successful return pick-up. If the item(s) is delivered by a seller directly, you need to ship the item(s) back to the seller within 10 days from the date your return is requested.

Read full returns policy 

1 Year Manufacturer Warranty 

This item is eligible for 1 year of warranty provided by the Manufacturer /Brand from the date of purchase. You can contact Manufacturer/Brand or Seller for more details 

Free Delivery 

The product is eligible for Free delivery. Learn more

Delivered by Amazon 

Amazon directly manages delivery for this product. Order delivery tracking to your doorstep is available. 

Your transaction is secure 

We work hard to protect your security and privacy. Our payment security system encrypts your information during transmission. We do not share your credit card details with third-party sellers, and we do not sell your information to others. Find out more

Available at a lower price from other sellers that may not offer free Prime shipping. 

{"desktop_buybox_group_1":[{"displayPrice":"AED 1,549.00","priceAmount":1549.00,"currencySymbol":"AED","integerValue":"1,549","decimalSeparator":".","fractionalValue":"00","symbolPosition":"left","hasSpace":true,"showFractionalPartIfEmpty":true,"offerListingId":"uw8bpQVpsYVhxF5BdXaWFjsvEbDuYg4qYgPXR126ouCadYL%2FilACIwuGdugfQWDiVsLMrYDb40nUBV%2FlV3c4UQNBOr885K%2BiKVgFWnQzPydF%2FlIHf5MIPqI1Et0xyBbp534K8X2f20O42n4UVl%2BbQ5DVgUmCbYKjV2C%2BQLFWWEA%3D","locale":"en-AE","buyingOptionType":"NEW","aapiBuyingOptionIndex":0}]}

###  Purchase options and add-ons 

No service available 

Sign in to continue

Capacity |  6 Kilograms  
---|---  
Colour |  Tintanium Grey  
Brand |  Hisense  
Product dimensions |  55D x 59.5W x 85H centimeters  
Special features |  10/6kg Washer & Dryer,1400 RPM, 15 Programmes, Remote Control, Steam Refresh, Allergy Care, Drum Clean, Pause & Add, Durable Inverter Motor, Raindrop Drum, 10 Years warranty on Motor, Quick Wash programme, Drum Clean, Titanium Grey See more  
  
#  About this item 

  * Washer & Dryer 2in1- Hisense 2in 1 solution allows you to wash and dry your laundry in just one application. Get the same quality results in half the space and with less work. Drying starts automatically after the washing is finished so your job is done after your start press 
  * Durable Inverter: Boasts a high-efficiency brushless motor for superior reliability and energy efficiency, delivering enhanced washing results with less noise and energy consumption 
  * Super Energy Efficient- Thanks to constant improvement in energy efficiency, you can get all the benefits of modern washer & dryer using significantly less energy. This means lower electricity bills and a step forward helping with the environment 
  * Allergy SteamTechnology - Removes 99.9% of bacteria giving you a deep clean free of harmful germs The high-temperature steam is released from the bottom of the drum and the steam fully penetrates the clothes, which can eliminate 99.9%* of Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus attached to the clothes 
  * A clear advantage- The Hisense Drum Clean allows you to keep your washing machine in the best condition by giving it a 95℃ deep clean 



› See more product details 

## Frequently bought together

This item:  Hisense WD3S1043BT 10/6kg Fully Automatic Washer & Dryer with Invertor Motor,1400 RPM, Steam Refresh & Allergy Care Program, Drum Clean, Pause & Ad Function, Drum Clean, Titanium Grey 

AED1,549.00AED1,549.00

Get it **Monday, February 2**

In Stock

Ships from and sold by Amazon.ae.

+

Hisense HS91518D, 670 Litres Side by Side Refrigerator with Water Dispenser, Inverter Compressor, No Frost Technology, Silver

AED1,799.00AED1,799.00

Get it **Monday, February 2**

In Stock

Ships from and sold by Amazon.ae.

+

Hisense HFG90335RX 90 cm Freestanding Gas Cooker, 5 Gas Burners with Flame Failure Device, Cast Iron Pan Support, Auto Ignition, Stainless Steel, 1 Year Warranty

AED1,499.00AED1,499.00

Get it **Monday, February 2**

In Stock

Ships from and sold by Amazon.ae.

Total price: $00$00

To see our price, add these items to your cart.

Try again.

Details 

Added to Cart

Choose items to buy together. 

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

### Videos for Similar Products

  1. Hisense WF7S1247BB 7S Series 12 Kg Washing Machine with Inverter Motor, Smart WiFi, AI Super Wash Technology, 1400 RPM, Smart Energy Monitoring, 20 Programs, Auto Dosing System - Premium Black6

AED2,499.00AED2,499.00

  2. Beko 8KG Washer With 5KG Dryer, 1400 RPM, 15 Programmes, Low Noise, Wash & Wear Programme, SteamCure, Hygiene+ Wash & Dry, Quickwash, 10 Years Warranty on ProSmart Inverter Motor, WD8514M(Grey)1

AED1,529.15AED1,529.15




## Brand in this category on Amazon

Tailored washing for long lasting clothes

Shop ElectroluxShop now 

AED849.00AED849.00

AED799.00AED799.00

Ramadan Deal

AED999.00AED999.00

AED1,394.00AED1,394.00

(28% off)

## From the brand

## From the manufacturer

## Product information

# Technical Details

Cycle options  |  ‎Speed Wash   
---|---  
Voltage  |  ‎220 Volts   
Type of controls  |  ‎Remote   
Maximum rotational speed  |  ‎1400 RPM   
Access location  |  ‎Front Load   
Item weight  |  ‎72 Kilograms   
Annual energy consumption  |  ‎700 Kilowatt Hours Per Year   
Specification met  |  ‎Energy Star   
Controller type  |  ‎remote   
Number of Drying Cycles  |  ‎2   
Number of Washing Cycles  |  ‎15   
Finish type  |  ‎glossy" or "semi-gloss   
Laundry Appliance Drum Material  |  ‎Stainless Steel   
Brand Name  |  ‎Hisense   
Model Info  |  ‎WD3S1043BT   
Product Dimensions  |  ‎55 x 59.5 x 85 cm; 72 kg   
Installation Type  |  ‎Freestanding   
Part Number  |  ‎WD3S1043BT   
Special Features  |  ‎10/6kg Washer & Dryer,1400 RPM, 15 Programmes, Remote Control, Steam Refresh, Allergy Care, Drum Clean, Pause & Add, Durable Inverter Motor, Raindrop Drum, 10 Years warranty on Motor, Quick Wash programme, Drum Clean, Titanium Grey   
Color  |  ‎Tintanium Grey   
Fuel type  |  ‎electric   
Batteries Required?  |  ‎No   
Item Weight  |  ‎72 Kilograms   
  
# Additional Information

ASIN  |  B0D6BQJJ6X   
---|---  
Customer Reviews |    
3.9 out of 5 stars   
Best Sellers Rank  | 

  * #1,105 in Appliances (See Top 100 in Appliances)
  * #14 in Combination Washers & Dryers

  
Date First Available  |  6 June 2024   
  
#  Warranty & Support 

amazon.ae Return Policy: Regardless of your statutory right of withdrawal, you enjoy a 15-30 day right of return for most products. For exceptions and conditions, see Return details.

## Brands in this category on Amazon

  * Tailored washing for long lasting clothes

  * Your Delicate Laundry Care | Hisense Washer & Dry




## Customer Reviews

  * 5 star

72%

  * 4 star

0%

  * 3 star

0%

  * 2 star

0%

  * 1 star

28%




To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.

Amazon Customer

######  Images in this review 

###  Top reviews from United Arab Emirates 

#### There was a problem filtering reviews. Please reload the page.

  * Khamis alnoobi

#####  It's not noisy very good and very clean laundry and easy to use

Verified Purchase

2 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Mahmood Alshammar 

#####  No balance and noisy

Verified Purchase

  * Akram

#####  Impressive All-in-One Washer & Dryer!

I recently purchased the Hisense 2-in-1 Washer & Dryer, and I couldn’t be happier with the performance. This machine is a true space-saver and time-saver, perfect for anyone looking for convenience without compromising on results. Overall, I highly recommend this Hisense model for anyone looking for a reliable, energy-efficient, and feature-packed washer-dryer combo.

3 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Suhel_B

#####  Absolutely All in one Laundry machine

After through search of market all around, finally stabilized the mind with this Perfect in all aspects machine.Pros:-No to minimal sound and vibration depending on the laundry weight, make sure the installation and feet adjustment is right-Wifi connectivity to get best functions and start your washing process remotely from your smartphone, so once you reach home you come to a freshly washed batch of clothes-30mins to 4hours Dry function is also available as per requirement-15 mins quick wash option- robust metal structure-best quality and functions in Price rangeCons:-Plastic edge of Door looks and feels compromised quality

6 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Kindle Customer

#####  Very improper installation and product

Verified Purchase

The service is making lots noise and vibrating. The whole floor of mine is filled with water. The outlet is not proper. Dryer never worked, I tried first option in the application it ran for 3.30 hours with 1 kg and no drying happened.

  * Kindle Customer

#####  Dont buy this machine

It is a complete disappointment to have bought this product. I have a Mielle brand in my other house which has technology from fifteen years ago. It cannot be compared to this machine. The wet laundry put in it turns into a spiral and it is necessary to separate them from each other every fifteen minutes otherwise it takes hours to dry. Do not buy this machine.

One person found this helpful

Helpful

  * Hamza Qaryouti

Verified Purchase



