# URL: https://www.amazon.in/boAt-Airdopes-Alpha-Wireless-Earbuds/dp/B0C3ZYFZ77?th=1
# Method: BS4
# Scraped: 2026-02-03T10:45:22.441458

  * Electronics
  * Headphones, Earbuds & Accessories
  * Headphones
  * In-Ear



  * #### Image Unavailable

Image not available forColour: 



  * Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3Amazon Videos




  * VIDEOS 
  * 360° VIEW 
  * IMAGES 



#  Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black) 

Visit the boAt Store

₹899.00 with 74 percent savings  -74% ₹899

M.R.P.: ₹3,490.00 M.R.P.: ₹3,490₹3,490

Inclusive of all taxes  
  
Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

##### Offers

##  10 days Service Centre Replacement

Replacement Reason  |  Replacement Period  |  Replacement Policy   
---|---|---  
Defective Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  boAt warranty policy (at Service Centre)   
Physical Damage, Wrong and Missing Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  Replacement   
  
Defective item: 

  * Amazon may provide support via self-help guides or on call or at doorstep, as applicable. 
  * If this issue is not resolved, please contact boAt or visit the Service Centre.
  * boAt will repair the product or provide a replacement or Defective certificate, as applicable. The time taken for resolution will be as per boAt warranty policies.
  * Please check for nearest Brand service center in your location. For details  click here 

Physical Damage, Wrong, Missing Items:

  * Returns will not be accepted if it is an Open Box Delivery order
  * Remote verification by image/video will be done by Amazon



#  Replacement Instructions 

Keep the item in its original condition and packaging along with MRP tag and accessories for a successful pick-up.

#  Replacement verification 

During on-call support, you may be prompted to upload an image for verification. Please visit the nearest boAt Service Centre for product-related issues. Further support will be provided by the brand at their service centre as per their warranty policies.

Read full returns policy 

Free Delivery 

The product is eligible for Free delivery. Learn more

1 Year Warranty 

This warranty is valid from the date of purchase by the original purchaser. 

What is Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card)? 

Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card) payment method includes Cash on Delivery (COD) as well as Debit card / Credit card / Net banking payments at your doorstep. 

Top Brand 

Top Brand indicates high quality, trusted brands on Amazon aggregated basis verified ratings, returns/refunds and recent order history at brand level. 

Amazon Delivered 

Order processed by Amazon; delivered through our courier partners 

Your transaction is secure 

We work hard to protect your security and privacy. Our payment security system encrypts your information during transmission. We don’t share your credit card details with third-party sellers, and we don’t sell your information to others. Learn more

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

Colour:  Jet Black 

Make a Colour selection 

{"desktop_buybox_group_1":[{"displayPrice":"₹899.00","priceAmount":899.00,"currencySymbol":"₹","integerValue":"899","decimalSeparator":".","fractionalValue":"00","symbolPosition":"left","hasSpace":false,"showFractionalPartIfEmpty":false,"offerListingId":"NNkxnxMEPo9AVlBua%2BeMZ1U3m%2F%2Fdf7aBk6ZrNLr1WiMx8ymLvdhNUasWUv7PwPhrO0bc675nN0wB4FvNGJs09OML3SxIkEKFH7sVqcR6z7Rn5MW2W%2F15EUNOB5%2F66eMOEUTwBVVHHF8N8wdXOrS3GB2qlZLgE0fF","locale":"en-IN","buyingOptionType":"NEW","aapiBuyingOptionIndex":0}]}

###  Purchase options and add-ons 

Brand |  boAt  
---|---  
Colour |  Jet Black  
Ear Placement |  In Ear  
Form Factor |  In Ear  
Impedance |  100 Ohms  
  
#  About this item 

  * Low Latency BEAST Mode: Experience lag-free high-quality gaming with low latency of up to 50 ms. Visuals align with impactful audio for realistic action. 
  * Extensive Playtime: Up to 35 hours of performance gives you plenty of time to listen to your preferred tunes. As for OTT, you can tick off your watchlist with Airdopes Alpha as your audio companion. 
  * boAt Signature Sound: Powered by dual 13 mm drivers, these earbuds deliver matchless boAt Signature sound with superior bass. 
  * ENx Tech with Dual Mics: To offer unparalleled sound clarity, the dual mics of these earbuds are enhanced with ENxTM tech that wards off background noise. Engage in online discussions easily regardless of your location as your voice is heard without distortion. 
  * ASAP Charging: 10 minutes of charging yields about 120 minutes of seamless performance. Revel in music to your heart’s content in no time at all! 



› See more product details 

####  Similar item to consider 

amazon basics TWS in-Ear Earbuds (AB-T17) with Fast Charging up to 70 Hours of Playtime | Dual 13mm Driver | IPX4 Water-Resistance | Bluetooth 5.3 | Charging Case with Mic | Touch Control (Beige) 

_3.9 out of 5 stars_ (306) 

738.65 

## Frequently bought together

This item:  Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black) 

₹899.00₹899.00

Get it by **Friday, February 20**

In stock

Sold by Clicktech Retail Private Ltd and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

+

Sounce Premium Silicone Case Cover Compatible with Boat Airdopes Joy Durable Shockproof & Scratch Resistant Protective Skin, Anti-Slip Grip, Dustproof Lightweight with Front LED Visibility (Black)

₹209.00₹209.00

Get it by **Monday, February 9**

In stock

Sold by Clicktech Retail Private Ltd and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

Total price: $00$00

To see our price, add these items to your cart.

Try again!

Details 

Added to Cart

Choose items to buy together. 

## Customers who viewed this item also viewed

  1. Boat Airdopes 131/8 with 60 Hrs Playback, ASAP Charge Truly Wireless Bluetooth in Ear Earbuds with Mic (Active Black)

_3.8 out of 5 stars_ 4,827

₹799.00₹799.00

Get it by **Monday, February 9**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  2. boAt Airdopes 101v2, 35H Battery, ENx Tech, 13mm Drivers, ASAP Charge, Flex-Fit Ear Tips,Stream Ad Free Music via App Support, Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic (Pitch Black)

_3.8 out of 5 stars_ 550

₹899.00₹899.00

Get it by **Monday, February 9**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  3. Boat Airdopes 163 in Ear Wireless Earbuds with 40 HRS Battery, Fast Charge, 13mm Drivers, IPX5, Quick Touch Response Control (Active Black)

_3.8 out of 5 stars_ 2,032

₹899.00₹899.00

Get it by **Friday, February 20**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  4. Boat 2025 Launch Airdopes 219, 4Mics ENx, 40H Battery, Best in Segment for Calling, Stream Ad Free Music via App Support, Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic (Carbon Black)

_3.9 out of 5 stars_ 3,095

₹1,099.00₹1,099.00

Get it by **Monday, February 9**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  5. Boat Airdopes 91 Prime, 45HRS Battery, 13mm Drivers, Metallic Finish, Low Latency,ENx Tech, Fast Charge, v5.3 Bluetooth TWS in Ear Earbuds Wireless Earphones with mic (Midnight Black)

_3.5 out of 5 stars_ 11,489

₹699.00₹699.00

Get it by **Monday, February 9**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  6. Boat 2025 Launch Airdopes Plus 311,Glass Design,ENx Tech,50 H Battery, Fast Charge, Stream Ad Free Music via App Support, Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic (Charcoal Black)

_3.7 out of 5 stars_ 6,709

₹899.00₹899.00

Get it by **Wednesday, February 11**

FREE Delivery by Amazon




## Product information

# Technical Details

Noise Control  |  ‎Active Noise Cancellation   
---|---  
Headphones Jack  |  ‎usb   
Model Name  |  ‎Airdopes Alpha   
Connectivity Technology  |  ‎Bluetooth   
Wireless Communication Technology  |  ‎Bluetooth   
Included Components  |  ‎1 X TWS Earbuds,1 X Charging Cable,1 X User Manual,2 X Additional Earbuds   
Age Range (Description)  |  ‎Adult   
Material  |  ‎Plastic   
Specific Uses For Product  |  ‎Entertainment, Gaming, Travel   
Charging Time  |  ‎10 Minutes   
Recommended Uses For Product  |  ‎Entertainment   
Compatible Devices  |  ‎Smartphones, Tablets, Laptops, Desktops, Smart TVs, Car Audio Systems   
Control Type  |  ‎Voice Control   
Cable Feature  |  ‎Without Cable   
Item Weight  |  ‎50 Grams   
Water Resistance Level  |  ‎Water Resistant   
Customer Package Type  |  ‎Carrying Case   
Style  |  ‎Modern   
Control Method  |  ‎Touch   
Number of Items  |  ‎4   
Controller Type  |  ‎Voice Control   
Battery Life  |  ‎35 Hours   
Audio Driver Type  |  ‎Dynamic Driver   
Bluetooth Range  |  ‎10 Metres   
Bluetooth Version  |  ‎5.3   
Carrying Case Material  |  ‎Plastic   
Carrying Case Color  |  ‎Black   
Audio Driver Size  |  ‎13 Millimetres   
Earpiece Shape  |  ‎Bud   
Hardware Interface  |  ‎Bluetooth 5   
Input Device Interface  |  ‎Bluetooth   
Noise Control Features  |  ‎noise_reduction   
Supports Bluetooth Technology  |  ‎Yes   
Special Feature  |  ‎ENx Tech   
Manufacturer  |  ‎‎Imagine Marketing Ltd, ‎Imagine Marketing Ltd   
Model  |  ‎1000002458   
Model Year  |  ‎2023   
Product Dimensions  |  ‎3 x 1.87 x 1.75 cm; 50 g   
Batteries  |  ‎1 Lithium Polymer batteries required.   
Item model number  |  ‎1000002458   
Hardware Platform  |  ‎Smartphone   
Special Features  |  ‎ENx Tech   
Microphone format  |  ‎in Ear   
Batteries Included  |  ‎No   
Batteries Required  |  ‎Yes   
Battery cell composition  |  ‎Lithium Polymer   
Cable feature  |  ‎Without Cable   
Form Factor  |  ‎In Ear, In ear   
Includes Rechargeable Battery  |  ‎No   
Manufacturer  |  ‎‎Imagine Marketing Ltd   
Country of Origin  |  ‎India   
Imported By  |  ‎Imagine Marketing Ltd   
Item Weight  |  ‎50 g   
  
# Additional Information

ASIN  |  B0C3ZYFZ77   
---|---  
Customer Reviews |  3.8 out of 5 stars   
Best Sellers Rank  | 

  * #15 in Electronics (See Top 100 in Electronics)
  * #7 in In-Ear Headphones

  
Date First Available  |  12 January 2026   
Packer  |  Imagine Marketing Limited, Unit no. 204 & 205, 2nd floor, D-wing & E-wing, Corporate Avenue, Andheri Ghatkopar Link Road, Mumbai, Maharashtra-400093, India   
Importer  |  Imagine Marketing Limited, Unit no. 204 & 205, 2nd floor, D-wing & E-wing, Corporate Avenue, Andheri Ghatkopar Link Road, Mumbai, Maharashtra-400093, India   
Item Dimensions LxWxH  |  30 x 19 x 17 Millimeters   
Net Quantity  |  1 Count   
Generic Name  |  Airdopes Alpha   
  
#  Feedback 

Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black)

**Share:**

Found a lower price? Let us know.

## Where did you see a lower price?

Fields with an asterisk * are required

Price Availability

Website (Online)

URL *:

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Shipping cost (₹): 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Store (Offline)

Store name *: 

Town/City *:

State: 

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Please sign in to provide feedback. 

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

Top Brand 

boAt

85% positive ratings from 100K+ customers 

100K+ recent orders from this brand 

10+ years on Amazon 

##  Product description 

Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black)

##  What is in the box? 

* 1 X TWS Earbuds,1 X Charging Cable,1 X User Manual,2 X Additional Earbuds 

Next-Gen Audio, Delivered Wirelessly

ACwO Dwots Bold Wireless in Ear Earbuds|India'S 1St Smart 1.83" True HD Touch Display|ANC (32Db)|4 ENC Mics for Clear Calls|Find My Earphone|3D Spatial Sound|Quick Charge |60Hrs Playtime (Bold Black)

3.8  _3.8 out of 5 stars._ (100)

₹2,499.00₹2,499.00

₹11,499.00

FREE delivery Mon, 9 Feb

ACwO Dwots Bold Wireless in Ear Earbuds|India'S 1St Smart 1.83" True HD Touch Display|ANC (32Db)|4 ENC Mics for Clear Calls|Find My Earphone|3D Spatial Sound|Quick Charge|60Hrs Playtime (Bold Grey)

3.8  _3.8 out of 5 stars._ (100)

-78%₹2,498.00₹2,498.00

₹11,499.00

FREE delivery Mon, 9 Feb

ACwO Fire Prime TWS Earbuds (in-Ear & Half-in-Ear in 1 Case) | Smart HD Display + 40DB ANC (in-Ear) | 80 Hrs Playtime | | 4 Mics AI-ENC | 3D Spatial Sound | BT V5.4 | Creme,Beige

3.3  _3.3 out of 5 stars._ (169)

-70%₹3,498.00₹3,498.00

₹11,499.00

FREE delivery Mon, 9 Feb

## Customer reviews

  * 5 star

53%

  * 4 star

16%

  * 3 star

7%

  * 2 star

3%

  * 1 star

21%




To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.

### Customers say

Customers find these earbuds to be a premium product with amazing sound quality and good value for money, particularly noting the bass performance for their price range. The connectivity receives mixed feedback - while some praise the seamless Bluetooth connection, others report serious connectivity issues. Comfort and fit are also mixed aspects, with some customers wearing them for hours without discomfort while others find them painful to wear. Battery life and functionality show mixed results, with some praising the awesome battery life while others report the battery draining fast and left earbuds not working.

AI Generated from the text of customer reviews Generated from the text of customer reviews

#### Select to learn more

1129 customers mention quality, 798 positive, 331 negative1,129 customers mention "Quality"798 positive331 negative

Customers find these earbuds to be of good quality, with one customer specifically noting the impressive microphone performance.

"Good product and it has good litsening quality and nosie cancellation is truth in this product and it has cool functions and total it is worth of..."

"Nice product sound quality is good . I ordered airpodes joy and I got airpodes alpha. Otherwise ok product. The size is smaller than expected."

"Worst product, i have only use this product for 1 or 2 month and the right earbud is not charging in the case, I can use right earbud is only for 5..."

"So good quality it's my first airdopes and I'm not at all disappointed I loved it thank you so much and the charging ability is so good too worth..."

704 customers mention sound quality, 540 positive, 164 negative704 customers mention "Sound quality"540 positive164 negative

Customers praise the sound quality of these earbuds.

"The quality of the product is good . Smooth to touch ,the sound quality and mic functionality also nice .. look amazing in black color, and it makes..."

"...for my personal use and it is really a worth product with good sound quality also it has a long lasting battery with the best thing part is..."

"...Just wow! The sound quality is crystal clear with deep bass, and the 35-hour battery life is a game-changer. I’ve gone days without charging...."

"...using for sometimes, you'll get ear pain or head ache because of bad sound quality. Please think before buy it."

401 customers mention value for money, 317 positive, 84 negative401 customers mention "Value for money"317 positive84 negative

Customers find these earbuds to be a good value, particularly noting their build quality and bass performance relative to their price range.

"4 Stars on 5 hrs of use. Value for money, no questions there. At this price-range I would go with BOAT, specially for this type of earbud...."

"Great value for money! Battery backup is excellent easily lasts 3–4 days on one charge. Fast pairing and good sound quality for calls and music...."

"...Only one thing is good budget friendly, Today 15/1125 : Its stopped charging as well, One is not charging waste of money, don't buy"

"Worst product 1000 rs waste of money, sound is not loud, voice calls can't make with is voice not audible, battery time is less than 15 minutes,..."

402 customers mention battery life, 246 positive, 156 negative402 customers mention "Battery life"246 positive156 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the earbuds' battery life, with some finding it awesome and solid, while others report that it drains fast and is poor.

"Altough build quality and battery life and connectivity are really good, Audio quality is really bad, you can get wired earphone in one third price..."

"...1month - As on today August 15th, left EarPods is not working and not charging. Please guide me to whom i need to reach and rectify my issue."

"Considering its array of features—long battery life, sound quality, low latency, and water resistance—the Airdopes Joy offers excellent value at its..."

"in case of battery it is fast charging and durable. If you are someone looking for a budget buy airpods for music calls or youtube just go for it...👍..."

193 customers mention connectivity, 118 positive, 75 negative193 customers mention "Connectivity"118 positive75 negative

Customers have mixed experiences with the Bluetooth connectivity of these earbuds, with some reporting instant and seamless connection while others experience pairing issues and disconnections.

"Meeting my day-to-day usage with better functionality, connectivity, sound quality and range. Recommending for its key functionalities...."

"...Easy to connect and great for calls, music, and videos. A solid budget-friendly pick for everyday listening."

"Amazing sound, quick pairing, and long battery life. Looks stylish and works flawlessly. Very happy with the purchase!"

154 customers mention comfort, 107 positive, 47 negative154 customers mention "Comfort"107 positive47 negative

Customers have mixed experiences with the earbuds' comfort: while some find they can wear them for hours without discomfort and report no pain after extended use, others experience pain in their ears and severe headaches with continuous use.

"Awesome Comfortable and Pocket Friendly Connectivity is Good. Battery Backup is Good. Clarity is awesome. Easy Fit"

""Excellent Sound and Comfort – Totally Worth It!" I recently tried these earbuds and was genuinely impressed...."

"...These are not comfortable and leave my ear irritated and even caused a few bumps in my ear.. Would not recommend anyone buying although it's sound..."

144 customers mention fit, 100 positive, 44 negative144 customers mention "Fit"100 positive44 negative

Customers have mixed experiences with the earbuds' fit: while some find them comfortable and secure without slipping, others report that they keep falling out of their ears.

"...Battery life is decent , and the compact case adds portablity. Comfortable fit and reliable performance. Best choice for daily use."

"It's tiny and nice but not fitting properly always falls down also can't use more then 20 minutes start giving pain in the ears. Very sharp shound"

"The best thing about this product is that it's slim and perfect fit. Since it's made up of plastic materials it's has a smooth touch to it...."

423 customers mention functionality, 109 positive, 314 negative423 customers mention "Functionality"109 positive314 negative

Customers report multiple issues with the earbuds' functionality, including left ear buds not working and one side failing after two months of use.

"Waste product not good working replacement not giving sensor not working properly not worth for money waste product"

"I have taken the product it was got not working and I have return to the community but it wil it was not received it wil impact for Amazon for the..."

"...But if you’re looking for durability and good performance, I’d recommend checking other brands."

"One side not working There is no return / replace policy Please Prefer offline purchaase Poor Product 👎🏻👎🏻..."

Amazon Customer

######  Images in this review 

Amazon Customer

##### long battery life, easy connectivity, and bass-heavy sound. They’re great for daily use.

These earbuds are perfect for daily use. The sound is clear with good bass, battery life lasts really long, and they’re super comfortable to wear. Easy to connect and great for calls, music, and videos. A solid budget-friendly pick for everyday listening.

MoreHide

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry, there was an error

Sorry we couldn't load the review

###  Top reviews from India 

#### There was a problem filtering reviews. Please reload the page.

  * Lovepreet

#####  Nice price

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

  * Maverick

#####  Bass-heavy, tiny & fit, but slight discomfort on long use, Worth for the price

Colour: Dark CyanVerified Purchase

I purchased these from Amazon on 30 Sep 2025 as a gift, and after using them regularly, here’s my experience mainly for music listening.Usage & comfort:The buds are very lightweight and compact, and they sit securely in the ears. For normal usage they are comfortable, but with long continuous use, there is slight ear discomfort, so not ideal for extended hours.Sound quality:The sound signature is bass-heavy, which works well for music and casual listening. Vocals are clear and not drowned by bass.For calls, audio quality is decent and clear indoors, though it’s not something I’d classify as call-focused earbuds.Connectivity:No connectivity drops or pairing issues so far. Connection has been stable throughout usage.Pros:✔ Lightweight and secure fit✔ Bass-forward sound with clear vocals✔ Stable connectivity✔ Good battery backup for daily useCons:✘ Slight ear pain on prolonged use (could be my personal issue and may not be the same for all)✘ Call quality is okay, not standout✘ Not sure about outdoor call performance

8 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Tusha baisoya

#####  long battery life, easy connectivity, and bass-heavy sound. They’re great for daily use.

Colour: Swedish WhiteVerified Purchase

These earbuds are perfect for daily use. The sound is clear with good bass, battery life lasts really long, and they’re super comfortable to wear. Easy to connect and great for calls, music, and videos. A solid budget-friendly pick for everyday listening.

Tusha baisoya

#####  long battery life, easy connectivity, and bass-heavy sound. They’re great for daily use. 

These earbuds are perfect for daily use. The sound is clear with good bass, battery life lasts really long, and they’re super comfortable to wear. Easy to connect and great for calls, music, and videos. A solid budget-friendly pick for everyday listening.

######  Images in this review 

  * Mushfique

#####  Nice

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

3 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Archana

#####  Happy customer

Colour: Swedish WhiteVerified Purchase

  * Pinaaz

#####  Good

Colour: Swedish WhiteVerified Purchase

The design looks stylish and the build quality is decent for its price range. The battery backup of around 35 hours is quite impressive, and the fast charging feature is definitely a plus. The IWP technology also makes pairing very quick and convenient.However, when it comes to sound quality, I was quite disappointed. The audio feels flat and lacks depth, especially for someone who truly loves music. The bass is very weak, and the overall sound balance isn’t rich enough to enjoy songs properly. Vocals are clear but the beats and low tones don’t have that punch or warmth that music lovers look for.For casual use like calls or watching videos, it performs fine. The dual mic with ENx technology works decently during calls, and the low latency feature is okay for basic gaming. But for music enthusiasts like me, this product doesn’t meet expectations. It’s an average pair of earbuds — good for basic needs, but not ideal if you want immersive sound or powerful bass.

Pinaaz

#####  Good 

The design looks stylish and the build quality is decent for its price range. The battery backup of around 35 hours is quite impressive, and the fast charging feature is definitely a plus. The IWP technology also makes pairing very quick and convenient.  
However, when it comes to sound quality, I was quite disappointed. The audio feels flat and lacks depth, especially for someone who truly loves music. The bass is very weak, and the overall sound balance isn’t rich enough to enjoy songs properly. Vocals are clear but the beats and low tones don’t have that punch or warmth that music lovers look for.For casual use like calls or watching videos, it performs fine. The dual mic with ENx technology works decently during calls, and the low latency feature is okay for basic gaming. But for music enthusiasts like me, this product doesn’t meet expectations. It’s an average pair of earbuds — good for basic needs, but not ideal if you want immersive sound or powerful bass. 

######  Images in this review 

15 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Supraja 

#####  No covers for ear but the best airpods.

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

The airpods fit into your ears really well and the sound quality is amazing. The only downside is that it doesn't have any cover and the charger is unusually short which makes it difficult to charge.

3 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Vick dio sangma

#####  Neutral.

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

The shape and looks are pretty fine. Unfortunately, the sound quality didn't meet my expectations which was not really worth the price. I can pay for wired earphones which still gives better quality. And sadly, there's a voice issue for the next person on a call, they can't hear me clear even if there's a slight noise in background. Also there's some connectivity issues, when try to connect during calls it faces some issues and takes time. Finally, the cover is kinda loose and lacks durability. So overall, I think I'll give this product a neutral review.

One person found this helpful

Helpful




###  Top reviews from other countries 

  * Enéias Nunes Santos Rosa

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

Já comprei quase toda a linha dessa marca para presentear colegas de trabalho e pessoas próximas. Em resumo, eles possuem um incrível custo-benefício! Mesmo os modelos mais simples, feito esse, possuem um unboxing excelente, esmero de produção, com ótimo aspecto dos materiais e boas funções, bateria longeva e som bastante honesto e satisfatório, pelo preço! Além disso, o pacote chegou muitíssimo bem embalado, dentro do prazo e totalmente condizente ao anúncio. Recomendadíssimos, produto e vendedor!

  * camila rocha

Colour: Dark CyanVerified Purchase

  * Ray keline 

Colour: Swedish WhiteVerified Purchase

  * I just got it and I think it's okay but the cover and watch ⌚ is looking very poor and old. I am going to use it and work well then it's okay for me. There is a problem if there is any problem I will return it as soon as possible

#####  Good product within lower price

Colour: Jet BlackVerified Purchase

  * bijund

#####  Very clear and enough loud

Colour: Dark CyanVerified Purchase

It is very nice, clear voice, the two way speaking is very clear and enough loud. I tried 2 - 3 other brands before it and finely I have a good one.




#  Product Summary: Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black) 

From boAt

##  Price 

One-time purchase: ₹899.00  74% Savings 

List Price:  ₹3,490.00 

Inclusive of all taxes 

Purchasing options 

Other sellers 

Other sellers 

## About this Item

  * Low Latency BEAST Mode: Experience lag-free high-quality gaming with low latency of up to 50 ms. Visuals align with impactful audio for realistic action.
  * Extensive Playtime: Up to 35 hours of performance gives you plenty of time to listen to your preferred tunes. As for OTT, you can tick off your watchlist with Airdopes Alpha as your audio companion.
  * boAt Signature Sound: Powered by dual 13 mm drivers, these earbuds deliver matchless boAt Signature sound with superior bass.
  * ENx Tech with Dual Mics: To offer unparalleled sound clarity, the dual mics of these earbuds are enhanced with ENxTM tech that wards off background noise. Engage in online discussions easily regardless of your location as your voice is heard without distortion.
  * ASAP Charging: 10 minutes of charging yields about 120 minutes of seamless performance. Revel in music to your heart’s content in no time at all!



## Product description

Boat Airdopes Joy, 35Hrs Battery, Fast Charge, IWP Tech, Low Latency, 2Mic ENx, Type-C Port, v5.3 Bluetooth Earbuds, TWS Ear Buds Wireless Earphones with mic(Jet Black) 

## Options Available

### Colour

  * Dark Cyan 
  * Jet Black 
  * Swedish White 

Browse all available options 

Report an issue with this product or seller 

## Feedback

Did you find this product summary feature useful?

Thank you for your feedback 

Thank you for your feedback. You selected “Yes, it is useful” 

Thank you for your feedback. You selected “No, it is not useful” 
