# URL: https://www.amazon.in/Hexa-core-Processor-4050-6GB-Obsidian-ANV15-41/dp/B0FPQ7YC8D?source=ps-sl-shoppingads-lpcontext&ref_=fplfs&psc=1&smid=AJ6SIZC8YQDZX
# Method: BS4
# Scraped: 2026-01-31T19:17:35.339999

  * Computers & Accessories
  * Laptops
  * Traditional Laptops



##### 

With Exchange

Up to 9,150.00 off

You Pay 

Includes exchange service fee of Rs. 

#####  Exchange your old product 

Which product would you like to exchange? 

We are sorry. Amazon has encountered an error. Please try again. 

Your new product delivery will be rejected if old product does not work, has different model & size. View reference images Sorry, this exchange offer is not available for your location 

Fixed Exchange value:  What's this? 

Includes limited time discount of 

Provide IMEI number (IMEI 1 for dual sim phones) to avail exchange offer  (Dial *#06# to get the IMEI number) 

Entered IMEI does not belong to selected brand & model. 

This device is not eligible for an exchange discount as it was recently exchanged. 

IMEI will be matched against your mobile at pick-up 

Exchange service fee Rs. will be charged 

Cancel  Apply Exchange 

Fixed Exchange value: 

Exchange value: 

By clicking 'Add to Cart'/'Buy Now With Exchange' you agree to the  Terms & Conditions 

How does Exchange work?

##### 

Without Exchange

74,990.00  98,799.00 

  * VIDEO



Power,Precision, Performance That Keeps You AheadAcer - Master - PC - CHN

#### Image Unavailable

Image not available forColour: 

  * To view this video download  Flash Player 



  * VIDEOS 
  * 360° VIEW 
  * IMAGES 



#  acer Nitro V 15, AMD Ryzen 5 6600H Hexa-core Processor,NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050-6GB GDDR6,16 GB, 512 GB, Full HD IPS, 15.6"/39.62 cm, 165 Hz, Win 11 Home,Obsidian Black, 2.1 kg, ANV15-41,Gaming Laptop 

Visit the acer Store

Amazon's Choice highlights highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately. 

Amazon's Choice 

₹74,990.00 with 24 percent savings  -24% ₹74,990

M.R.P.: ₹98,799.00 M.R.P.: ₹98,799₹98,799

Inclusive of all taxes  
  
**EMI** starts at ₹2,636 per month.  **EMI** starts at ₹2,636. No Cost EMI available 

Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

##### Offers

##  10 days Replacement by Brand

Replacement Reason  |  Replacement Period  |  Replacement Policy   
---|---|---  
Defective Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  acer warranty policy (Repair /Replacement by acer)   
Physical Damage, Wrong and Missing Item  |  10 days from delivery  |  Replacement   
  
Defective item:

  * acer will provide On-call support followed by a technician inspection at your location. 
  * acer expert will repair the product or provide a replacement or service letter, as applicable. Time taken for resolution will be as per acer policies

Physical Damage, Wrong, Missing Items:

  * Returns will not be accepted if it is an Open Box Delivery order
  * Remote verification by image/video will be done by Amazon



#  Replacement verification 

During on-call support, you may be prompted to upload an image for verification. Further inspection or repair will be done at your doorstep by acer as per their warranty policies.

#  Replacement Instructions 

Keep the item in its original condition and packaging along with MRP tag and accessories for a successful pick-up.

Read full returns policy 

Free Delivery 

The product is eligible for Free delivery. Learn more

1 Year Warranty 

1 Year Manufacturer 

What is Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card)? 

Pay on Delivery (Cash/Card) payment method includes Cash on Delivery (COD) as well as Debit card / Credit card / Net banking payments at your doorstep. 

Top Brand 

Top Brand indicates high quality, trusted brands on Amazon aggregated basis verified ratings, returns/refunds and recent order history at brand level. 

Services Available 

Service support is available with the product to make it ready to use. Service applicable on the product can be availed on the product detail page or during checkout. For Brand provided services, we will notify the brand once the product is delivered. Brand will subsequently contact to you to schedule the service. **For paid services by Brands like AC installation the charges need to be paid directly to the brand technician we will initiate the request on your behalf** All services are listed below 

  * Free installation and demo on Televisions. **Installation at the time of delivery available in select pincodes View details.Wall mount brackets are chargeable if not included in the box along with the TV
  * Free Phone set-up service at the time of delivery is available in select regions. This can be availed during checkout by selecting a time slot that mentions "with setup".View details
  * Free installation on Washing Machines and Refrigerator
  * Paid Installations for Air Conditioners and Chimneys. For Brand provided AC installations, service charges will have to be paid to the brand technician directly 
  * Free assembly services for Furniture items requiring professional assembly
  * Paid set-up service on Laptops and SSD
  * Installation/Assembly &/or Set-up services are also available on Dishwashers, Security cameras, Cycles, Inverters, Soundbars
  * Automotive support: Tyre installation, Engine oil change, Brake disk replacement etc. available in select pincodes



Service support is available along with product purchase for your convenience. Many Brands provide the service themselves. For brand provided services we register a service request with the brand once the product is delivered. There might be additional charges in some cases for the services availed. Read more on Brand provided services

Amazon Delivered 

Order processed by Amazon; delivered through our courier partners 

Your transaction is secure 

We work hard to protect your security and privacy. Our payment security system encrypts your information during transmission. We don’t share your credit card details with third-party sellers, and we don’t sell your information to others. Learn more

**Add Laptop Set-up Service**Details

Price:₹740.00

ServiceDetails 

  * Service carried out by a background-verified expert at your scheduled time slot.
  * Service includes unboxing the laptop, Operation System installation, driver installation, activation of MS office (if pre-installed), account setup, initial configuration, data transfer, security setup, basic customization and demo.
  * Wi-Fi connection needs to be provided by customer. WIFI configuration (If customer has wifi)
  * This is a standalone service and cannot be combined with doorstep exchange services. Please back up your data before the technician arrives.
  * For the purpose of the service, you allow Amazon and/or its affiliates to share your contact information and order information with the brand/authorized third party service providers to contact you to provide services during the product lifecycle. For this purpose, you consent and authorize the brand/authorized third party service providers to process your information for the purposes specified above.



###  Purchase options and add-ons 

Brand |  acer  
---|---  
Model Name |  Nitro V 15  
Screen Size |  15.6 Inches  
Colour |  Black  
Hard Disk Size |  512 GB  
CPU Model |  Ryzen 5  
RAM Memory Installed Size |  16 GB  
Special Feature |  Backlit Keyboard, Lightweight, Numeric Keypad  
Graphics Card Description |  Dedicated  
  
#  About this item 

  * Processor: AMD Ryzen 5 6600H hexa-core processor (3.3 GHz base clock, up to 4.5 GHz max boost clock, 16 MB L3 cache, 6 cores) | Memory: 1*16 GB (Upgradable upto 2*16 GB of DDR5 system memory) | Storage: 1* 512 GB (Upgradable upto 2*1 TB) PCIe Gen4, 16 Gb/s, NVMe 
  * Operating System: Windows 11 Home |Preinstalled Software: None 
  * Display : 15.6" display with IPS (In-Plane Switching) technology, Full HD 1920 x 1080, high-brightness (300 nits) Acer ComfyView LED-backlit TFT LCD, supporting 165 Hz | NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050 with 6 GB of dedicated GDDR6 VRAM 
  * Ports: 3 x USB 3.2 Gen 1 port, 1 x USB 4 port 
  * Camera : T-Type HD camera | Keyboard : 99-/100-/103-key Acer backlit keyboard with international language support, with indicators of CapsLock and F4/Microphone mute 



› See more product details 

## Frequently bought together

This item:  acer Nitro V 15, AMD Ryzen 5 6600H Hexa-core Processor,NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050-6GB GDDR6,16 GB, 512 GB, Full HD IPS, 15.6"/39.62 cm, 165 Hz, Win 11 Home,Obsidian Black, 2.1 kg, ANV15-41,Gaming Laptop 

₹74,990.00₹74,990.00

Get it by **Tuesday, February 17**

In stock

Sold by Clicktech Retail Private Ltd and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

+

Zebronics NC5500D Powerful Laptop Cooler with Dual 125mm Fans, Silent Operation, Adjustable Fan Speed, Display, Controls, USB, 5 Step Retractable Stand and Mobile Holder

₹799.00₹799.00

Get it by **Thursday, February 5**

In stock

Sold by Clicktech Retail Private Ltd and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

+

Portronics Toad One Bluetooth Mouse with 2.4 GHz & BT 5.3 Dual Wireless, 6 Buttons, Rechargeable, RGB Lights, Connect 3 Devices, Ergonomic Design for Laptop, Smartphone, Tablet (Black)

₹579.00₹579.00

Get it by **Friday, February 6**

In stock

Sold by Clicktech Retail Private Ltd and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.

Total price: $00$00

To see our price, add these items to your cart.

Choose items to buy together. 

## Customers who viewed this item also viewed

  1. Acer NITRO V 15, AMD Ryzen 7-7445HS octa-core processor, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050- 8 GB GDDR7(16GB DDR5, 512GB)IPS FHD, 15.6"/ 39.62cm, 165Hz, Win 11 Home, Obsidian black, 2.1KG, ANV15-42 Gaming Laptop

 _3.8 out of 5 stars_ 216

₹84,990.00₹84,990.00

Get it by **Tuesday, February 17**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  2. ASUS TUF A15 (2025), AMD Ryzen 7 7445HS, Gaming Laptop(RTX 3050,75W TGP,16GB DDR5(Upgradeable Upto 64GB )512GB SSD,FHD,15.6",144Hz,RGB Keyboard,48Whrs,Windows 11,Graphite Black,2.3 Kg) FA506NCG-HN199W

 _4.2 out of 5 stars_ 658

14% off

Limited time deal

₹71,990.00₹71,990.00

M.R.P: ₹83,990.00

Get it by **Tuesday, February 17**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  3. acer Nitro V, AMD Ryzen 5 6600H, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050-6GB, 16GB DDR5, 512GB SSD, FHD IPS, 15.6"/39.6cm, 165 Hz, Win 11 Home, Obsidian Black, 2.1KG, ANV15-41, Gaming Laptop

 _3.8 out of 5 stars_ 29

₹61,800.00₹61,800.00

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  4. acer SmartChoice ALG, 13th Gen Intel Core i5-13420H, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050-6GB DDR6, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD, FHD 15.6"/39.62 cm, 144Hz, Windows 11 Home, Steel Gray, 1.99 KG, AL15G-53,Gaming Laptop

 _4.0 out of 5 stars_ 304

₹62,990.00₹62,990.00

Get it by **Tuesday, February 17**

FREE Delivery by Amazon

  5. HP Victus, AMD Ryzen 7 7445HS, 6GB RTX 4050, 16GB DDR5(Upgradeable) 512GB SSD, 144Hz, IPS, 300nits, FHD, 15.6''/39.6cm, Win11, M365* Office24, Blue, 2.29kg, fb3118AX, Backlit, DTS Audio, Gaming Laptop

 _3.9 out of 5 stars_ 405

1 offer from ₹93,201.00

  6. acer Nitro Lite 16, 13th Gen, Intel Core i5-13420H Processor,NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050-6 GB GDDR6, 16GB/ 512 GB, 16.0"/40.64 cm, 165 Hz, Win 11 Home, White, 1.95 kg, NL16-71G, Backlit KB,Gaming Laptop

 _4.2 out of 5 stars_ 18

₹63,850.00₹63,850.00

Get it by **Wednesday, February 18**

FREE Delivery by Amazon




Brief content visible, double tap to read full content.

Full content visible, double tap to read brief content.

Top Brand 

acer

85% positive ratings from 50K+ customers 

50K+ recent orders from this brand 

12+ years on Amazon 

## Product information

# Technical Details

Brand  |  ‎acer   
---|---  
Manufacturer  |  ‎ACER INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Embassy Heights, 6th Floor, No. 13, Magrath Road, Next to HOSMAT Hospital, Bangalore, INDIA – 560025, Acer   
Series  |  ‎Nitro V 15   
Colour  |  ‎Black   
Form Factor  |  ‎Ultra-Portable   
Standing screen display size  |  ‎15.6 Inches   
Screen Resolution  |  ‎1920 x 1080 pixels   
Resolution  |  ‎1920 x 1080 Pixels   
Package Dimensions  |  ‎50.6 x 32.9 x 7.3 cm; 2.1 kg   
Batteries  |  ‎1 Lithium Ion batteries required. (included)   
Item model number  |  ‎ANV15-41   
Processor Brand  |  ‎AMD   
Processor Type  |  ‎Ryzen 5   
Processor Speed  |  ‎3.3 GHz   
Processor Count  |  ‎1   
Memory Technology  |  ‎DDR5   
Computer Memory Type  |  ‎DDR5 RAM   
Maximum Memory Supported  |  ‎32 GB   
Hard Drive Size  |  ‎512 GB   
Hard Disk Description  |  ‎SSD   
Hard Drive Interface  |  ‎Solid State   
Graphics Coprocessor  |  ‎NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050   
Graphics Chipset Brand  |  ‎NVIDIA   
Graphics Card Description  |  ‎Dedicated   
Graphics RAM Type  |  ‎GDDR6   
Graphics Card Ram Size  |  ‎6 GB   
Graphics Card Interface  |  ‎AGP   
Wireless Type  |  ‎Bluetooth   
Number of USB 3.0 Ports  |  ‎3   
Number of HDMI Ports  |  ‎1   
Operating System  |  ‎Windows 11 Home   
Average Battery Life (in hours)  |  ‎7.5 Hours   
Are Batteries Included  |  ‎Yes   
Lithium Battery Energy Content  |  ‎57 Watt Hours   
Lithium Battery Weight  |  ‎66.6 Grams   
Number of Lithium Ion Cells  |  ‎4   
Included Components  |  ‎‎‎1U (contains Laptop 1N, Power cord 1N, Adapter 1N, User Manual 1N)   
Manufacturer  |  ‎Acer   
Country of Origin  |  ‎China   
Item Weight  |  ‎2 kg 100 g   
  
# Additional Information

ASIN  |  B0FPQ7YC8D   
---|---  
Customer Reviews |    
4.4 out of 5 stars   
Best Sellers Rank  | 

  * #4,225 in Computers & Accessories (See Top 100 in Computers & Accessories)
  * #109 in Traditional Laptops

  
Date First Available  |  3 September 2025   
Packer  |  Huaqin, Nanchang HuaQin Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. No. 2999 Tianxiang Road, High-tech Zone, Nanchang , Jiangxi, China   
Importer  |  ACER INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Embassy Heights, 6th Floor, No. 13 Magrath Road, Next to HOSMAT Hospital, Bangalore, INDIA – 560025   
Net Quantity  |  1 Count   
Generic Name  |  Laptops   
  
#  Feedback 

acer Nitro V 15, AMD Ryzen 5 6600H Hexa-core Processor,NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050-6GB GDDR6,16 GB, 512 GB, Full HD IPS, 15.6"/39.62 cm, 165 Hz, Win 11 Home,Obsidian Black, 2.1 kg, ANV15-41,Gaming Laptop

**Share:**

Found a lower price? Let us know.

## Where did you see a lower price?

Fields with an asterisk * are required

Price Availability

Website (Online)

URL *:

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Shipping cost (₹): 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Store (Offline)

Store name *: 

Town/City *:

State: 

Price incl. VAT (₹) *: 

Date of the price (MM/DD/YYYY):

/ 

/ 

Please sign in to provide feedback. 

## From the manufacturer

####  Fast RAM, Faster Gameplay 

Crush lag and load times with 16GB DDR5 RAM and 1TB SSD. Experience seamless performance and ultra-fast start-ups that keep you in the game longer and harder 

####  Ultra-Slim, Ultra-Clear 

The 39.62 cm (15.6”) IPS FHD display with a blazing 165Hz refresh rate ensures every frame pops and every move is smooth. Thin and sleek, this screen keeps you in the action while keeping your setup light and portable. 

####  Pure Sound, No Distractions 

DTS X: Ultra Audio and Acer PurifiedVoice with AI noise reduction deliver crystal-clear sound and immersive audio. No more distractions—just pure, dynamic sound that elevates your gaming experience and lets you focus on victory. 

####  Hotkeys, Cool Moves 

Activate NitroSense for instant system monitoring, or tap the Copilot key for AI-powered assistance. The customizable multi-colour backlit keyboard gives you an edge in dark environments while looking as fierce as your gameplay 

####  Two Fans, Zero Overheat 

Dual fan cooling keeps your system cool under fire, even during intense gaming sessions. Stay cool, stay in the game, and maintain your composure when the heat is on 

####  All Ports, All Action 

Be connected with multiple ports: Ethernet for lag-free gaming, HDMI 2.1 for big-screen action, and USB 3.2 and USB 4 for fast data transfers. Plug in and power up with your accessories and peripherals always in reach 

##  What is in the box? 

* ‎‎1U (contains Laptop 1N, Power cord 1N, Adapter 1N, User Manual 1N) 

Versatile think laptop for powerful performance

Lenovo V15 Intel Core i3 13th Gen (16GB RAM/512GB SSD/Windows 11 Home/Office 2024/Iron Grey) 15.6" FHD (1920x1080) Antiglare 250 Nits Thin & Light Laptop/1Y Onsite/1.65 kg, 83CCA08KIN

4  _4 out of 5 stars._ (84)

₹42,990.00₹42,990.00

₹72,000.00

FREE delivery Tue, 17 Feb

Lenovo V14 Intel Core i3 13th Gen 14" FHD (1920x1080) Antiglare 250 Nits Thin and Light Laptop (8GB RAM/512GB SSD/Windows 11 Home/Office Home 2024/Iron Grey/1.43 kg), 83A0A0PBIN

3.8  _3.8 out of 5 stars._ (63)

₹39,990.00₹39,990.00

₹68,000.00

FREE delivery 3 - 27 Feb

Lenovo V14 Intel Core i5 13th Gen 14" FHD (1920x1080) Antiglare 250 Nits Thin and Light Laptop (16GB RAM/512GB SSD/Windows 11 Home/Office 2024/Iron Grey/1.43 kg), 83A0A0PTIN

3.8  _3.8 out of 5 stars._ (63)

₹52,450.00₹52,450.00

₹85,000.00

FREE delivery Wed, 18 Feb

## Customer reviews

  * 5 star

67%

  * 4 star

23%

  * 3 star

5%

  * 2 star

0%

  * 1 star

5%




To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.

### Customers say

Customers find the laptop performs well in all games, runs smoothly with no bottlenecks, and consider it worthy of its price. The display quality receives mixed feedback, with several customers noting it's not 720p and the webcam could be better. The battery life and sound quality also get mixed reviews, with some finding the speakers loud while others report poor sound quality. The build quality and gaming performance receive positive feedback.

AI Generated from the text of customer reviews Generated from the text of customer reviews

#### Select to learn more

21 customers mention build quality, 17 positive, 4 negative21 customers mention "Build quality"17 positive4 negative

Customers are satisfied with the build quality of the laptop, with one customer noting it performs well for almost all tasks.

"Awesome product. Rtx 4050 is the highlight. Colour accuracy is good and booting speed is like 5 seconds."

18 customers mention value for money, 18 positive, 0 negative18 customers mention "Value for money"18 positive0 negative

Customers find the laptop worthy of its price.

"OVERALL NICE PRODUCT Pros: Value for money Great for almost all tasks including multimedia and casual gaming . Cons:..."

"Good laptop for price but after it price drop to 55740😭. Make sure you check all benchmarks Cinebench r23:..."

"...about it, no proper reviews on YouTube, but let me tell you it's worth every penny Pros :- 1...."

14 customers mention performance, 12 positive, 2 negative14 customers mention "Performance"12 positive2 negative

Customers praise the laptop's performance, noting that it runs smoothly with no bottlenecks and performs well in all games.

"...this laptop is a beast in performance the combination of the r5 6600H and 4050 is great i thought the r5 would be a bottleneck but its not the..."

"...Pros: - The perfomance is very good and I it performed well in all games I threw at it. -..."

8 customers mention gaming performance, 8 positive, 0 negative8 customers mention "Gaming performance"8 positive0 negative

Customers find the laptop performs well for gaming, with one customer noting it can easily handle many AAA titles.

"...Displays, I am using one coz Laptop's Display is Okayish, Good for gaming though as it comes with 165hz refresh rate but that's all, it's neither a..."

"...Gaming performance (tested personally): CS2 160 to 190 FPS on High Valorant 220+ FPS on High Black Myth Wukong 60 FPS on High..."

14 customers mention display quality, 5 positive, 9 negative14 customers mention "Display quality"5 positive9 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the display quality of the laptop, with several noting that the webcam could be better and that the screen is not 100% sRGB.

"...1.Display is ok but it not only 100%srgb it's arround 65%srgb, you should buy a external monitor if you need...."

"...:- talking about external Displays, I am using one coz Laptop's Display is Okayish, Good for gaming though as it comes with 165hz refresh rate but..."

"...nothing expected from the gaming laptop it take more power and 3D rendering not good it lag and quality are okesh it plastic 😅 and color accuracy is..."

12 customers mention battery life, 6 positive, 6 negative12 customers mention "Battery life"6 positive6 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the laptop's battery life, with some finding it acceptable while others report it being terrible.

"...Battery Life is okay like low load 5-6Hr in heavy load 1-2Hr Still, at this price point, it’s an insane value...."

"...Ram and ssd upgradable. 1 free slot for each. Charging is fast. Nitro Sense app gives many power modes and options...."

"...Battery life is terrible but it's expected from gaming laptops.. so it's no big deal -..."

6 customers mention color accuracy, 2 positive, 4 negative6 customers mention "Color accuracy"2 positive4 negative

Customers have mixed opinions about the color accuracy of the laptop, with some finding it good while others report issues with RGB backlighting.

"...not good it lag and quality are okesh it plastic 😅 and color accuracy is not 100% rgbs is 60% rgbs but I see no difference so it's okesh fan speed i..."

"...Keyboard and Trackpad : Basic ACER keyboard and trackpad, does not support RGB backlighting. 7. No MUX switch or Advance Optimus support...."

"...The 4050 comes with 75 w. You only get white backlit keyboard. It comes with 3 month xbox subscription."

10 customers mention sound quality, 1 positive, 9 negative10 customers mention "Sound quality"1 positive9 negative

Customers report that the laptop's speakers are loud but not great in sound quality.

"...Not gonna lie, a few weak spots: Speakers are average. Webcam quality could be better...."

"...more, in real life it could get around 3 hours battery,sound quality is not that great need to use extra sound bar. Positives..."

"...Keyboard and trackpad is also acceptable. Not bad Fans are noisy. Cons: Build quality is bad...."

"Gaming wise is good, but fan sound is loud and audio clarity is also very less, but good product for. The budget."

Amazon Customer

######  Images in this review 

Amazon Customer

##### Budget killer

Acer v15 nitro starting with some negatives, camera quality is below average, . Battery life is okey okey nothing less nothing more, in real life it could get around 3 hours battery,sound quality is not that great need to use extra sound bar. Positives i tried some cpu demanding games in it like beam ng drive, snow runner, crew 2, far cry 6, these games work perfectly.even gta 5 online, i get more than 110 fps without any alter settings. display is very clear and 165 refresh rate it could more useful in gaming. Value for money product no doubt. My suggetion is if can spend extra 12,000 rupee go for the ryzen 7 (8 cores and 12 thread) variant very visible performance different. Lucky i get this product for 56200 (ryzen 5)rupee its a killer price, perfomance of rtx 4050 is an another level, it can easly handle many AAA title games ( dont expect gta 6) Overall iam very satisfied and *If you are looking for gaming and editing lap within in budget go for it *If you want more perfomance spend 12,000 extra for ryzen 7 series I will update the long term review

MoreHide

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry, there was an error

Sorry we couldn't load the review

###  Top reviews from India 

#### There was a problem filtering reviews. Please reload the page.

  * Dolly

#####  Check your score to this one

Verified Purchase

I got this laptop like 56K  
  
The combo of Ryzen 5 6600H + RTX 4050 (6GB, 75W) delivers serious power. Thermals are pretty good. Looks are too  
  
💻Benchmark Results:  
  
Cinebench R23:• Single-Core – 1436 pts• Multi-Core – 10223 pts3DMark Time Spy:• 8151 pointsThose numbers put it right up there with laptops that cost nearly twice as much.Productivity & RenderingFor editing and 3D work, it handles everything effortlessly.Premiere Pro, Blender, Unreal Engine all run smoothly with no bottlenecks. Perfect for both students and creators in 4K it took time thoDownsides/Cons :-Not gonna lie, a few weak spots:Speakers are average.Webcam quality could be better.Display brightness is okay indoors but not great outdoors.Battery Life is okay like low load 5-6Hr in heavy load 1-2HrStill, at this price point, it’s an insane value.

Dolly

#####  Check your score to this one 

I got this laptop like 56K  
The combo of Ryzen 5 6600H + RTX 4050 (6GB, 75W) delivers serious power. Thermals are pretty good. Looks are too💻Benchmark Results:Cinebench R23:• Single-Core – 1436 pts• Multi-Core – 10223 pts3DMark Time Spy:• 8151 pointsThose numbers put it right up there with laptops that cost nearly twice as much.Productivity & RenderingFor editing and 3D work, it handles everything effortlessly.Premiere Pro, Blender, Unreal Engine all run smoothly with no bottlenecks. Perfect for both students and creators in 4K it took time thoDownsides/Cons :-Not gonna lie, a few weak spots:Speakers are average.Webcam quality could be better.Display brightness is okay indoors but not great outdoors.Battery Life is okay like low load 5-6Hr in heavy load 1-2HrStill, at this price point, it’s an insane value. 

######  Images in this review 

21 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Djr124

#####  Good laptop for price

Verified Purchase

Good laptop for price but after it price drop to 55740😭.Make sure you check all benchmarksCinebench r23:Single core:1400 approxMulti core: 10000 approxGeek bench 6 gpuArround 70000 to 80000Make sure your device is plugged in and set to performance mode.Problem with the product is no proper review on YouTube.Make sure record a video before unboxing.Gaming is 👍 for 4050 75w tgpScores:God of war 2019 max setting 70+fps.Spider man milesmores very High setting 75 fps.Cpu is good but old generation,it also capable for 3d related softwares.Download genuine games from steamBecause antivirus is not allowing to open and we can't disable it until trail version ends.1.Display is ok but it not only 100%srgb it's arround 65%srgb, you should buy a external monitor if you need.2.bulid quality is ok but be careful about top lid is delicate.3.amd 6600h is capable for high coding and other softwares.4.gpu is good at this price point.5.battey is average it lasts arround 1.5hrs in normal usage.6.fans of this are very loud like a jet engine but they maintain cool in most cases.7.body is fingerprint magnet make sure use skin or proctor8.make sure resignation in acer web site before 15day of purchase.9.keyboard quality is average but track pad is pretty rough.Overall it a good laptop for price.If you believe flipkart you can buy a Lastest Nitro v15 i5 210h with 4050 under 60k.

8 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Yash Sharma

#####  A Great Value for Money Gaming Laptop

Verified Purchase

After continuous testing of 2 days I'm writing my ealry impressions here, (would love to hive future updates too)It's a underrated hidden gem coz it's one of the most affordable gaming laptop with RTX 4050 yet no one knows about it, no proper reviews on YouTube, but let me tell you it's worth every pennyPros :-1. Performance :- as it comes with powerful hardware for gaming in this budget, most of the laptops in this budget have RTX 3050 while this Nitro has RTX 4050, it's 75w TGP is also decent, most people are sceptical about it's CPU - Ryzen 5 6600h but it's a very capable CPU and pairs well with the GPU as this Processor performs very similar to Ryzen 5 5600 which is still a very popular CPU choice for budget Gaming Desktop PC builders and I've seen R5 5600 paired with RTX 4060 and even with RTX 4060ti (which are obviously more powerful than Laptop RTX 4050) so the CPU can handle 4050 perfectly while Being Cost effective2. Design :- it looks good, feels good despite all Plastic body, I expected less in this department but it holds it's ground in this department too. Talking about looks - it's a good looking gaming Laptop which you can carry and use even in More Mature scenerios i.e at workplace, meetings etc coz while being gaming laptop it doesn't look overtly flashy, gamery but it doesn't mean that it looks boring either, it has some gaming design bits here and there which are classy (surprising smh), If I've to summerize it's design then I would say that a Gamer would instantly Know that it's a gaming laptop but a Normal Corporate Employee won't be able to identify 😌3. Software :- it comes with Nitro Sense which is really useful for switching performance settings, Fan Settings etc UI of nitro sense looks Very Good to me, it's easy to understand and I've no complaints whatsoever with the Software till now, it looks good, easy to understand, works perfectly4. Cooling :- It doesn't get very hot even while gaming and heavy workloads, thermals are good and it's capable of managing CPU, GPU temps so I've not seen this Laptop thermal throttling Yet but it gets loud (you'll know about it in cons section)5. Ports :- it has all the necessary ports i.e a plenty of USB type a ports, USB C port and it's HDMI port Gives Outputfrom DGPU (RTX 4050) so you can easily connect external Display without any compromiseCons :-1. Display :- talking about external Displays, I am using one coz Laptop's Display is Okayish, Good for gaming though as it comes with 165hz refresh rate but that's all, it's neither a very bright display nor very color accurate, So I would suggest you to invest in a Good 1080p external monitor for anything that requires Color Correction i.e Photo Editing, Video editing (especially Colour Correction), but it's notvery important to buy a new monitor if you're going to use it mostly for gaming and entertainment2. Battery Life :- I don't know why brands put anything smaller than 90whr in Gaming Laptops 🤦🏻‍♂️ coz gaming laptops are infamous for guzzling battery like there's no tomorrow and This Nitro is no Exception, while better than an Similarly Specced intel laptop coz Ryzen 5 6600h comes with 6nm fabrication process while most of intel counterparts are still using 10nm which is obviously worse in efficiency, but talking about this one only, it comes with 57.5whr or 59whr battery (I can't remember exactly but it's somewhere in this range only) which is a mid sized battery for a gaming laptop and a poor decision of cost cutting by brand, as I've already said no gaming laptop deserves anything less than 90whr3. Fans Noise :- while Fans are capable of cooling the laptop, they are loud, not the loudest I've heard since I had an Acer predator ph315 (iykyk 👀) but these ones are very loud too, especially when gaming you'll feel like you are hearing a mini jet engine and if you're sensitive you sould use headphones, earphones and there will be no problem and if you don't mind a little fan noise then the speakers at high volume levels will do the job too4. Warranty :- acer is only giving one year warranty while some other brands like MSI are giving 2 years warranty, acer should also the sameSummary :- It's a Great Value for Money Gaming Laptop, and the performance it offers is enough for Most of the modern games, it looks good, non polarising, easy to carry, not so good battery life, Not so good Display, and only 1 year warranty

21 people found this helpful

Helpful

  * Vasie

#####  Best budget Gaming Laptop

Verified Purchase

Good and cheapest Laptop with rtx 4050. Value for Money if you buy around 55k.Pros:Gaming Performance is as good as pc grade 3050 8g or slightly lower than 3060 6gb.Gta v with max RT settings gives 45 to 60 fps. Normal graphics gives over 120 fps. Which is great.6600h cpu is also very powerful.Ram and ssd upgradable. 1 free slot for each.Charging is fast.Nitro Sense app gives many power modes and options.Acceptables:Battery life is max 4 hours even in eco mode with just browsing as Expected in gaming laptop.Keyboard and trackpad is also acceptable. Not badFans are noisy.Cons:Build quality is bad. Especially hinge might get broken in a year or 2 if not handled with much care.Speakers are loud but not great in sound quality.Screen has 165hz but quality is not good. No 100% srgb as mentioned in specs. It supports only 65%.Verdict:Buy this laptop if you can use it with good external monitor as an alternate for Gaming PC by keeping it plugged in and not frequently moving around or opening lid many times.It will surely match a custom pc build with 50k to 55k performance.Tip: For warranty registration you need to scan QR code in back of laptop and submit one form.

14 people found this helpful

Helpful



