# URL: https://www.samsung.com/in/washers-and-dryers/washing-machines/wa80f-21-top-load-washer-ai-wash-ecobubble-ai-energy-mode-10kg-gray-wa80f10e2ltl/?srsltid=AfmBOoroTLlCfK7H2g9-mmFxO0JQt9Jn4Nky8Pa_KVCWVIzVSJNXEYH8
# Scraped: 2026-01-31T14:54:02.600604
# Method: Crawl4AI

## Features

## Intelligent and convenient wash 

### AI Wash 

Take care of your clothes and wash them thoroughly and gently. AI Wash* senses the weight and softness of the fabric in a load. It then uses an AI algorithm to suggest suitable settings, like the water level, agitation intensity and washing and rinsing times, and enable 25% more fabric care**. 

* Fabric sensing uses an AI algorithm to sense 3 fabric types (Normal, Delicates, Towels) for loads up to 3kg. Mixed fabrics may reduce detection accuracy. Actual results may vary depending on individual use. To prevent wear, wash like fabrics together.** Based on internal testing with WA80F/21, using IEC 3kg load, comparing a normal cycle. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.

## Powerful & efficient 

### Ecobubble™ 

Wash powerfully and efficiently. Ecobubble™ with DIT gets clothes clean using up to 25% less energy* and 11% less water*. BubbleStorm™ helps detergent penetrate fabric 2.5x faster** and gives up to 20% better fabric care***. Dual Storm™ creates a vortex of water for effective washing. 

* Tested by Samsung with WA80F/21 8kg model with Ecobubble™ and Digital Inverter motor, using an IEC 2kg load (water level 4), comparing a normal cycle with Ecobubble™ and a normal cycle without Ecobubble™. Results provided to and interpreted by Intertek. ** Based on internal testing on the WA80F/21 8kg model, using Artificially Soiled Fabric (EMPA 120), compared to a Samsung conventional washing machine. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.*** Based on the severity of washing action index of the WA80F/21 8kg model, compared to a Samsung conventional washing machine. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.

## Smart energy savings 

### AI Energy Mode 

Reduce your washer’s energy consumption using SmartThings AI Energy mode*. When selected for certain cycles**, it intelligently helps you reduce energy use by up to 20%*** by using an enhanced algorithm, which may adjust the time****. 

* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.** Can be applied on the Normal, AI Wash, Super Clean, Jeans, Aqua Preserve, Towels and Clean Wash courses.*** Tested by Samsung on a WA80F/21 model with a 3kg load using a AI Wash course and water level 6. Results provided to and interpreted by Intertek.**** The washing course time may be increased when using AI Energy Mode.

## Hygiene 

### Intensive cleaning 

#### Intensive Wash 

Get clothes thoroughly clean, even if they are really dirty. The Intensive Wash can be used in many courses* to remove stubborn stains. It quickly pre-mixes detergent and helps water to penetrate deep into the fabric. So dirt is removed effectively**. 

* Available in all courses, except for the Quick Wash Cycle and Delicates Cycle.** Based on internal testing, compared to a Normal Cycle. 

### Powerful filtration 

#### Magic Filter 

Keep unsightly speckles off your whites and darks, and protect the drainage from getting clogged up. A Magic Filter with a dual mesh, at the front and back, effectively gathers the lint, fluff and particles that come out of your laundry. And it is easy to empty out the filter, as it opens 180°. 

* Recommended to clean the Magic Filter after each wash.

## Performance 

Shows the motor and clutch are shown assembled and attached to the washing machine. The washing machine with 20 year warranty on digital inverter motor. 

### Durable motor 

#### DIT 20 Year Warranty 

Purchase with confidence any Samsung Washer model with a Digital Inverter Motor and receive a 20 year warranty* on the motor. 

* The 20 year parts warranty is only applicable to the inverter motor, as of April 2024.

## Do the SmartThings at Home 

A person is using SmartThings app on a smartphone by connecting Wi-Fi. The SmartThings app makes washing efficient - Laundry recipe suggest best cycle, Laundry planner recommends cycle for user. 

### Connect your life with SmartThings 

#### Wi-Fi embedded/Bixby mobile 

Use your washing machine easily and effectively. The SmartThings App* uses data captured during user interactions to enhance your washing. The Laundry Planner enhances your daily schedule**. And using Samsung Bixby*** on a smartphone you can monitor and control your washer with just your voice. 

* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. It stores user data, preferences and usage patterns to suggest recommended options.** The recommended washing cycle is only based on time and may not be appropriate for the type of fabrics or stain level of the articles being washed.*** Bixby is Samsung’s brand of Internet of Things (IoT) voice assistant. Bixby service availability and features may vary depending on country, carrier, device model and OS version. Bixby recognizes selected languages and certain accents/dialects. The user interface may change and differ by device. A Samsung account log-in and data network connection (Wi-Fi or data network) are required.

### SmartThings Energy 

#### Efficient energy use. Smart savings. 

Manage your energy usage anytime. SmartThings Energy* provides helpful tips on how to be energy efficient. It also lets you monitor the energy consumption of appliances connected to SmartThings** in real-time and compare it to the previous month. And it alerts you if your monthly targets might be exceeded. 

* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.** SmartThings Energy currently works with washers, dryers, dishwashers, air conditioners, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, ovens, hoods, cooktops, microwaves, TVs and energy meters.

### SmartThings Home Care 

#### Smart maintenance. Easy upkeep. 

Take care of your washing machine easily, so it stays in the optimal condition. Home Care, part of the SmartThings App*, lets you check its status and proactively address any maintenance needs. And it provides a usage guide with useful tips on using your appliance, as well as a user manual. 

* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.

## Convenience 

Different types of soft and hard floors merge into an AI server chip. From the transparent washer, the MEMS sensor, hybrid damper, balancer, and solid base are scanned and positioned. The motor and AI server chip are connected, and the Wi-Fi icon appears. 

### Peaceful washing 

#### AI VRT+™ (Vibration Reduction Technology) 

Do the laundry quietly. AI VRT+™ technology collects a variety of data and sends it to an AI Server*, so it can intelligently determine the floor conditions and calculate the ideal settings to suit the type of floor.** These are sent to the washer, which reduces noise and vibration during a wash. 

* A Wi-Fi connection is required. If a Wi-Fi connection is not available, it will use the washing machine’s internal algorithm.** Standalone installation and level adjustment required for the accurate operation.

### Keeps the tub clean 

#### Tub Clean 

Keep the inside of the top load washer hygienically clean and fresh. The Tub Clean course removes up to 95% of certain bacteria* that can build-up in the tub, without using harsh or costly detergent. And, for complete ease of use, it automatically notifies you when it needs cleaning**. 

* Based on testing by Intertek Korea with the test protocols provided by Samsung: equip a tub polluted with bacteria into the machine, run the Tub Clean cycle and then compare the number of viable bacteria before and after the cycle. It eliminates 95% of Pseudomonas aeruginosa from the surface of a tub. The Tub Clean function should be used with no laundry inside the tub. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.** Recommended for use every one or two months, when an alert icon turns on.

### Easy troubleshooting 

#### Smart Check 

Reduce the cost and inconvenience of broken appliances. Smart Check is an automatic error-monitoring system that you can use anytime, anywhere with Samsung Smart Washer App*. It detects and diagnoses problems and provides quick and easy troubleshooting solutions, saving you time and money on repairs**. 

* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection is required.** Service callouts will occasionally be required and may incur extra repair costs.

As the door of the washing machine closes, the lid gradually reduces the speed and closes gently without noise. 

### Easy closing door 

#### Soft Closing Door 

Avoid being frightened by unexpected bangs! The Soft Closing Door shuts slowly, gently and quietly, as a damper automatically slows its movement. A tempered glass window also lets you view your washing without lifting the lid. And it is durable and strong, so it won’t get scratched or damaged. 

### Easy to use controls 

#### Rear Control 

Use your washer easily and intuitively without worrying about splashing water on the digital panel. The slanted Rear Control is located at the back of the machine. It means the controls are really easy to see, even from a distance, and are protected from water splashes when getting clothes out. 

## How to measure 
