# URL: https://www.samsung.com/in/washers-and-dryers/washing-machines/wa80f-21-top-load-washer-ai-wash-ecobubble-ai-energy-mode-10kg-gray-wa80f10e2ltl/?srsltid=AfmBOoroTLlCfK7H2g9-mmFxO0JQt9Jn4Nky8Pa_KVCWVIzVSJNXEYH8
# Scraped: 2026-01-31T15:20:23.479862

Search Form

ClearScan Barcode

No Suggestions

AI Suggested Searches

Suggested Searches

POPULAR SEARCHES

RECENT SEARCHES

RELATED PRODUCTS

RECOMMENDED

Close

## Festive offers still live!

\- Own now at ₹ 20617

\- Incl. ₹ 4373 instant bank discount on select bank cards

00days00hours00mins00secs

Open More InfoClose More Info


- Product details


Out of Stock


Layer Popup Close

**10.0 kg Top Load Washing Machine with AI Wash and Ecobubble, WA80F10E2L**

Previous

Next

**from £55.53/mo for 36 mos**
or £3,299.00


~~£2,399.00~~ save $ £400.00

Amazing additions

- Selected Items(0)

- My eVoucher Balance

- Extra Charge


Clear All


View more

**Total** VAT Inclusive

**From $107.50/mo** for most at 0% APR

or $2,579.96

Layer Popup Close

10.0 kg Top Load Washing Machine with AI Wash and Ecobubble, WA80F10E2L

WA80F10E2L

WA80F10E2LTL
Close

Wishlist

**Product Ratings :0** **(**
**Number of Ratings :0**
**)**

Previous

Next

PreviousNext

- +6 more

Videos


PreviousNext

## Gallery popup

Videos


Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

Click or tap to zoom out

- Zoom in
- Zoom out

- Move Thumbnail Image down
- Move Thumbnail Image up
- Move Thumbnail Image right
- Move Thumbnail Image left

Close

10.0 kg Top Load Washing Machine with AI Wash and Ecobubble, WA80F10E2L

Close

0%

Dimension

Spin the angle

AR

popup close

popup close

**View with Augmented Reality**

Please scan the QR Code with your mobile device, and place the product image in desired place.

popup close

### Choose technology

- **10.0 kg Heater \| Super Speed** From ₹31490.00

- **10.0 kg Ecobubble™ \| Super Speed** From ₹28500.00

- **10.0 kg Ecobubble™** From ₹25490.00

- **8.0 kg Heater \| Super Speed** From ₹27490.00

- **8.0 kg Ecobubble™ \| Heater** From ₹26990.00

- **8.0 kg Ecobubble™ \| Super Speed** From ₹22490.00

- **8.0 kg Ecobubble™** From ₹23490.00


### Choose body colour

Colour : Lavender Gray

- Lavender Gray

- Deep Charcoal


### Choose washer/dryer capacity

- **10.0 kg**


### Choose door/lid colour

- **Tempered Glass**


### Choose your Between

### Delivery Details

Enter Pincode

Apply

Close

Close

### Exchange

- **YES**

- **NO**


Delete

Delete

### Samsung Care+

Earn your peace of mind by availing our Extended Warranty plans now


Please select Samsung Care+ or No to continue


- **Extended Warranty Plan for 1 Year**₹ 1900.00

- **Extended Warranty Plan for 2 Year**₹ 3350.00

- **Extended Warranty Plan for 3 Year**₹ 4850.00

- **I don't need additional protection**


Close

Close

### Offer

- **No Cost EMI starts from ₹ 8496.71/ month. Standard E...**

**[Learn more](https://www.samsung.com/in/emi/?sku=WA80F10E2L&price=25490&page=simple%20buying%20tool:offer)**

- **Instant Discount**


₹750 off applied to your cart

- **Instant Bank Discount**


Get 10% instant discount up to ₹2500 on HDFC Bank Credit Cards Full Payment


[Learn more](https://images.samsung.com/is/content/samsung/assets/in/tnc/ce-ncemi-cc-cb-hdfc-instant.pdf "Learn more")

- **Instant Bank Discount**


Get 10% instant discount up to ₹2500 on HDFC Bank Credit Cards EMI


[Learn more](https://images.samsung.com/is/content/samsung/assets/in/tnc/ce-emi-cb-hdfc-panel-tc-instant.pdf "Learn more")

- **Instant Bank Discount**


Get 10% instant discount up to ₹2500 on ICICI Bank Credit Cards Full Payment


[Learn more](https://images.samsung.com/is/content/samsung/assets/in/tnc/ce-emi-cb-tc-instanticici.pdf "Learn more")

- **Instant Bank Discount**


Get 10% instant discount up to ₹2500 on SBI Bank Credit Cards EMI


[Learn more](https://images.samsung.com/is/content/samsung/assets/in/tnc/ce-emi-cb-tnc-sbi.pdf "Learn more")

- **Instant Bank Discount**


Get 10% instant discount up to ₹2500 on other leading banks' Cards EMI


[Learn more](https://images.samsung.com/is/content/samsung/assets/in/tnc/ce-emi-pinelab-allbank-tnc.pdf "Learn more")

- **Samsung Rewards**


SmartClub is now Samsung Rewards


(Samsung Reward Points cannot be earned with Referral program)


[Check your Point Balance](https://samsungsmartclub.in/srmwui/login?source=rewards "Check your Point Balance")

- **Save 18% With GST Invoice**


Get GST invoice and save 18% on business purchases


Close

Close

Close

Close

- Manufacturer's Information

- Cancellation & Replacement Policy


Cancel order up to 2 hours after order placement. [Know more](https://www.samsung.com/in/shop-faq/returns-and-cancellations/how-and-when-can-i-cancel-an-order/).

Replacement if found damaged/defective on delivery . [Know more](https://www.samsung.com/in/shop-faq/returns-and-cancellations/how-and-when-can-i-return-a-product/).


- Warranty Policy


2 Years warranty on product, 20 Years warranty on Digital Inverter Motor [Know more](https://www.samsung.com/in/support/warranty/)


**10.0 kg Top Load Washing Machine with AI Wash and Ecobubble, WA80F10E2L**

₹25490.00

10.0 kg Ecobubble™Lavender Gray10.0 kgTempered Glass

**From ₹ 1223.85/mo for 24 mos or ₹ 25490.00**

MRP (Inclusive of all taxes)


Was Price₹ 33990.00 **PriceSave ₹ 8500.00**

Add to cart Where to buy


Layer Popup Close

## Features

Playing videoPlaying video

## Intelligent and convenient wash

### AI Wash

Take care of your clothes and wash them thoroughly and gently. AI Wash\* senses the weight and softness of the fabric in a load. It then uses an AI algorithm to suggest suitable settings, like the water level, agitation intensity and washing and rinsing times, and enable 25% more fabric care\*\*.


Playing videoPlaying video

\\* Fabric sensing uses an AI algorithm to sense 3 fabric types (Normal, Delicates, Towels) for loads up to 3kg. Mixed fabrics may reduce detection accuracy. Actual results may vary depending on individual use. To prevent wear, wash like fabrics together.\*\* Based on internal testing with WA80F/21, using IEC 3kg load, comparing a normal cycle. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.

## Powerful & efficient

### Ecobubble™

Wash powerfully and efficiently. Ecobubble™ with DIT gets clothes clean using up to 25% less energy\* and 11% less water\*. BubbleStorm™ helps detergent penetrate fabric 2.5x faster\*\* and gives up to 20% better fabric care\*\*\*. Dual Storm™ creates a vortex of water for effective washing.


Playing videoPlaying video

\\* Tested by Samsung with WA80F/21 8kg model with Ecobubble™ and Digital Inverter motor, using an IEC 2kg load (water level 4), comparing a normal cycle with Ecobubble™ and a normal cycle without Ecobubble™. Results provided to and interpreted by Intertek. \*\* Based on internal testing on the WA80F/21 8kg model, using Artificially Soiled Fabric (EMPA 120), compared to a Samsung conventional washing machine. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.\*\*\* Based on the severity of washing action index of the WA80F/21 8kg model, compared to a Samsung conventional washing machine. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.

## Smart energy savings

### AI Energy Mode

Reduce your washer’s energy consumption using SmartThings AI Energy mode\*. When selected for certain cycles\*\*, it intelligently helps you reduce energy use by up to 20%\*\*\* by using an enhanced algorithm, which may adjust the time\*\*\*\*.


Playing videoPlaying video

\\* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.\*\* Can be applied on the Normal, AI Wash, Super Clean, Jeans, Aqua Preserve, Towels and Clean Wash courses.\*\*\* Tested by Samsung on a WA80F/21 model with a 3kg load using a AI Wash course and water level 6. Results provided to and interpreted by Intertek.\*\*\*\* The washing course time may be increased when using AI Energy Mode.

## Hygiene

Previous

### Intensive cleaning

#### Intensive Wash

Get clothes thoroughly clean, even if they are really dirty. The Intensive Wash can be used in many courses\* to remove stubborn stains. It quickly pre-mixes detergent and helps water to penetrate deep into the fabric. So dirt is removed effectively\*\*.


\\* Available in all courses, except for the Quick Wash Cycle and Delicates Cycle.\*\* Based on internal testing, compared to a Normal Cycle.

### Powerful filtration

#### Magic Filter

Keep unsightly speckles off your whites and darks, and protect the drainage from getting clogged up. A Magic Filter with a dual mesh, at the front and back, effectively gathers the lint, fluff and particles that come out of your laundry. And it is easy to empty out the filter, as it opens 180°.


\\* Recommended to clean the Magic Filter after each wash.

Next

stop

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

## Performance

Previous

Shows the motor and clutch are shown assembled and attached to the washing machine. The washing machine with 20 year warranty on digital inverter motor.


Shows the motor and clutch are shown assembled and attached to the washing machine. The washing machine with 20 year warranty on digital inverter motor.

Shows the motor and clutch are shown assembled and attached to the washing machine. The washing machine with 20 year warranty on digital inverter motor.Playing video

### Durable motor

#### DIT 20 Year Warranty

Purchase with confidence any Samsung Washer model with a Digital Inverter Motor and receive a 20 year warranty\* on the motor.


\\* The 20 year parts warranty is only applicable to the inverter motor, as of April 2024.

Next

stop

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

## Do the SmartThings at Home

Previous

A person is using SmartThings app on a smartphone by connecting Wi-Fi. The SmartThings app makes washing efficient - Laundry recipe suggest best cycle, Laundry planner recommends cycle for user.


A person is using SmartThings app on a smartphone by connecting Wi-Fi. The SmartThings app makes washing efficient - Laundry recipe suggest best cycle, Laundry planner recommends cycle for user.

A person is using SmartThings app on a smartphone by connecting Wi-Fi. The SmartThings app makes washing efficient - Laundry recipe suggest best cycle, Laundry planner recommends cycle for user.Playing video

### Connect your life with SmartThings

#### Wi-Fi embedded/Bixby mobile

Use your washing machine easily and effectively. The SmartThings App\* uses data captured during user interactions to enhance your washing. The Laundry Planner enhances your daily schedule\*\*. And using Samsung Bixby\*\*\* on a smartphone you can monitor and control your washer with just your voice.


\\* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required. It stores user data, preferences and usage patterns to suggest recommended options.\*\* The recommended washing cycle is only based on time and may not be appropriate for the type of fabrics or stain level of the articles being washed.\*\*\* Bixby is Samsung’s brand of Internet of Things (IoT) voice assistant. Bixby service availability and features may vary depending on country, carrier, device model and OS version. Bixby recognizes selected languages and certain accents/dialects. The user interface may change and differ by device. A Samsung account log-in and data network connection (Wi-Fi or data network) are required.

### SmartThings Energy

#### Efficient energy use. Smart savings.

Manage your energy usage anytime. SmartThings Energy\* provides helpful tips on how to be energy efficient. It also lets you monitor the energy consumption of appliances connected to SmartThings\*\* in real-time and compare it to the previous month. And it alerts you if your monthly targets might be exceeded.


\\* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.\*\* SmartThings Energy currently works with washers, dryers, dishwashers, air conditioners, air purifiers, vacuum cleaners, ovens, hoods, cooktops, microwaves, TVs and energy meters.

### SmartThings Home Care

#### Smart maintenance. Easy upkeep.

Take care of your washing machine easily, so it stays in the optimal condition. Home Care, part of the SmartThings App\*, lets you check its status and proactively address any maintenance needs. And it provides a usage guide with useful tips on using your appliance, as well as a user manual.


\\* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection and a Samsung account are required.

Next

stop

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

## Convenience

Previous

Different types of soft and hard floors merge into an AI server chip. From the transparent washer, the MEMS sensor, hybrid damper, balancer, and solid base are scanned and positioned. The motor and AI server chip are connected, and the Wi-Fi icon appears.


Different types of soft and hard floors merge into an AI server chip. From the transparent washer, the MEMS sensor, hybrid damper, balancer, and solid base are scanned and positioned. The motor and AI server chip are connected, and the Wi-Fi icon appears.

Different types of soft and hard floors merge into an AI server chip. From the transparent washer, the MEMS sensor, hybrid damper, balancer, and solid base are scanned and positioned. The motor and AI server chip are connected, and the Wi-Fi icon appears.Playing video

### Peaceful washing

#### AI VRT+™ (Vibration Reduction Technology)

Do the laundry quietly. AI VRT+™ technology collects a variety of data and sends it to an AI Server\*, so it can intelligently determine the floor conditions and calculate the ideal settings to suit the type of floor.\*\* These are sent to the washer, which reduces noise and vibration during a wash.


\\* A Wi-Fi connection is required. If a Wi-Fi connection is not available, it will use the washing machine’s internal algorithm.\*\* Standalone installation and level adjustment required for the accurate operation.

### Keeps the tub clean

#### Tub Clean

Keep the inside of the top load washer hygienically clean and fresh. The Tub Clean course removes up to 95% of certain bacteria\* that can build-up in the tub, without using harsh or costly detergent. And, for complete ease of use, it automatically notifies you when it needs cleaning\*\*.


\\* Based on testing by Intertek Korea with the test protocols provided by Samsung: equip a tub polluted with bacteria into the machine, run the Tub Clean cycle and then compare the number of viable bacteria before and after the cycle. It eliminates 95% of Pseudomonas aeruginosa from the surface of a tub. The Tub Clean function should be used with no laundry inside the tub. Results may vary depending on the actual usage conditions.\*\* Recommended for use every one or two months, when an alert icon turns on.

### Easy troubleshooting

#### Smart Check

Reduce the cost and inconvenience of broken appliances. Smart Check is an automatic error-monitoring system that you can use anytime, anywhere with Samsung Smart Washer App\*. It detects and diagnoses problems and provides quick and easy troubleshooting solutions, saving you time and money on repairs\*\*.


\\* Available on Android and iOS devices. A Wi-Fi connection is required.\*\* Service callouts will occasionally be required and may incur extra repair costs.

As the door of the washing machine closes, the lid gradually reduces the speed and closes gently without noise.


As the door of the washing machine closes, the lid gradually reduces the speed and closes gently without noise.Playing video

### Easy closing door

#### Soft Closing Door

Avoid being frightened by unexpected bangs! The Soft Closing Door shuts slowly, gently and quietly, as a damper automatically slows its movement. A tempered glass window also lets you view your washing without lifting the lid. And it is durable and strong, so it won’t get scratched or damaged.


### Easy to use controls

#### Rear Control

Use your washer easily and intuitively without worrying about splashing water on the digital panel. The slanted Rear Control is located at the back of the machine. It means the controls are really easy to see, even from a distance, and are protected from water splashes when getting clothes out.


Next

stop

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

ftd16\_interactive multi feature-product detail-indicator

## How to measure

## Specifications

Expand all

### Overview

- Washing Capacity


10.0 kg


- Energy Efficiency Class


5 Star


- Drum type


2nd Diamond


- Pulsator


PP Dual Storm


- Physical specification


54.00 cm x 1.00 m x 56.80 cm


- Net Weight


30.0 kg


### Washing Capacity

- Washing Capacity (kg)

10.0 kg


### Design

- Body Colour

Lavender Gray

- Door

Tempered Glass

- Panel Display

Red LED


### Performance

- Energy Efficiency Class

5 Star


### Feature

- Eco Bubble

Yes

- AI Wash

Yes

- BubbleStorm™

Yes

- AI Energy Mode

Yes

- AI VRT+

Yes

- Dual Storm™

Yes

- Hygiene Steam

No

- Auto Restart

Yes

- Child Lock

Yes

- Delay End

Yes

- Door Lock

No

- Drum type

2nd Diamond

- Intensive Wash

Yes

- Magic Filter

Yes

- Monsoon

Yes

- Motor

DIT

- Pulsator

PP Dual Storm

- Super Speed

No

- Spin Speed

700 rpm

- Smart Control

Yes

- Smart Check

Yes

- Soft Close Lid

Yes

- Smart Things

Yes

- Water Level

10 Levels


### Cycle

- AI Wash

Yes

- Hygiene Steam

No

- Bedding

Yes

- Delicates

Yes

- Downloaded Cycle

Towels, Super Clean, Clean Wash, Soak, Sari, Spin Only, Baby Care, Colors, Aqua Preserve

- Energy Saving

Yes

- Downloaded

Yes

- Jeans

Yes

- Normal

Yes

- Option List

Delay End, Ecobubble, Intensive Wash(Long Key), AirTurbo (15min/30min), Smart Control, Power Tub Clean(Long Key), Child Lock(Double Key), Sound Off(Double Key), Smart Check(Double Key)

- Quick Wash

Yes

- Rinse + Spin

Yes

- Tub Clean

Yes

- Stain Wash

No


### Physical specification

- Net Dimension (WxHxD)

54.00 cm x 1.00 m x 56.80 cm

- Net Weight

30.0 kg

- Gross Dimension (WxHxD)

58.20 cm x 1.08 m x 64.00 cm

- Gross Weight

33.5 kg

- Voltage/Frequency

230V/50Hz


### Smart

- WiFi Embedded

Yes


### App Connectivity

- SmartThings App Support

Yes


### Manufacturer’s Information

- Manufactured by


Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. having its Registered Office at: 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi-110001


- Country of Origin


India


- Contact us


For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact Manager, Customer Care Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110001 Email us at: support.india@samsung.com Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG)


- Launch date


March 1st, 2025


No rating value
Same page link.

(0)